---
tags:
characters:
aliases:
  - Sarah’s Journal (2026 Edition)
story:
title: Sarah’s Journal (2026 Edition)
linter-yaml-title-alias: Sarah’s Journal (2026 Edition)
synopsis: Sara explains how her magic lesson went and explains the cursed nature of Atrusia for future explorers.
---

# Sarah’s Journal (2026 Edition)

## 3. Pooped

Of course. The afternoon session was the intense one today. It started off with intense conjuration exercises. All of the students together, maintaining our conjured elements and shaping them for almost an hour without releasing the spell. There are so many ways to use even a simple conjured element for offense, defense, and utility, without wielding the formal spell formulas of chijyur, that’s the local word for a wizard, or the graceful ease of xáchin, that’s a sorcerer. At least in terms of the games we played growing up.

If our elements flickered, we got penalized. Not like punished, but just markings. I don’t like to admit it, but I lost control three times, almost four. Zoma helped me with the form and focus, though, and I was able to manage about twice as long as my past best. This… is where I struggle the most. I can let everything out in a burst so easily, but controlling it like a tap? I don’t know if it’s just being human, or how late I started learning that magic is even something that’s possible!

But it’s hard. I’ve been working for almost two years and still struggle. But I want to do this so I can travel and protect myself and Jason. And being stuck on this cursed land, where we need to be able to defend ourselves or rely on traveling groups… well, I don’t want to be stuck here.

Oh, right. This is a log, so I should explain. Our arrival site is on a continent the locals call Atrusia. So Atrusia is apparently a cursed land, and no, I am not qualified to explain how it became cursed, but every night the dust on the surface pulls together, like magic, and turns into what we would call skeletons, zombies, and the like. They’re called the lesser undead, and they appear all over the continent, again, every single night.

And during the deepest part of the night, 22:30 to midnight, they and the greater undead (who aren’t spawned from the dust of the land, and shelter during the day) are at their most active and aggressive.

That’s why we can’t just travel freely. We need special equipment to protect ourselves and our campsites. Tents. Wards. Silver makes a barrier that they can’t cross, and if enclosed, they can’t appear inside of it. But just wearing it isn’t enough. It needs to be held taut, not hanging loose. It needs to stay above the ground, because if anything covers the top of it, the line breaks.

And to any future colonists reading this: if you think we’ll find a solution to this, the locals have already had a few centuries of experience. We didn’t know that zombies, ghosts, and walking skeletons were even real until we got here. So, I’m not saying don’t try, but don’t be foolish until you understand what’s happening.

Okay, that should be enough for the log. Tomorrow I need to choose the books to load into my pad before the trip.

## Navigation

- ${\leftarrow}$ [Previous Chapter](prior-chapter.md)
- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
