---
tags:
characters:
aliases:
  - Sara’s Journal (2026 Edition)
story:
title: Sara’s Journal (2026 Edition)
linter-yaml-title-alias: Sara’s Journal (2026 Edition)
synopsis: Sara discusses Jed and his restless life, her before school morning routine, and she expresses her desire to join Jason on his journey in the coming month.
---

# Sara’s Journal (2026 Edition)

## 1. Nerves

40 Nernemesen, AA 358; Tarìlien Sara Rowan

Jed mentioned that some bigshot Knight is in town. A seasoned veteran Kenyu, Yarel, I think? I’m not as well read in the sport as Jason and Jed. Anyway, Jed wants to try and meet him. Maybe he’s looking for advice on how to pursue a Knight career of his own? Or maybe a referral for Jason.

Either way, he left before I finished my breakfast. He’s the oldest of the three of us, but he strangely seems the least directed. He’s worked for the press stand, done market to home deliveries, and has been talking about trying to intern for the mayor.

I don’t have long left until I need to head to the academy. I’ve more or less mastered my mental magecraft, and expect to be a traveler at the end of the term. But my fire magecraft is still a little bit weak, so I won’t be certified to practice it in the field unless I can make a massive improvement in the next few days.

But I am so excited about joining Jason and his friends over the summer holiday. I wish school were out for two months, but I think Jason is right to expect we can make it there and back before the end of Denimern. Especially since we won’t need to hike back to Karishé.

It’s too hot to want to conjure fire, and it’s still so early… but I’ll try my best today, and hope I can qualify as a traveler in both disciplines. I hope Jason’s dry run goes well too, but I won’t be seeing him again until after he’s back. I just hope he doesn’t push the dry run too hard.

## Navigation

- ${\leftarrow}$ [Previous Chapter](prior-chapter.md)
- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
