---
tags:
characters:
aliases:
  - Sara’s Journal (2026 Edition)
story:
title: Sara’s Journal (2026 Edition)
linter-yaml-title-alias: Sara’s Journal (2026 Edition)
synopsis: Sara describes her lunch and hobbies.
---

# Sara’s Journal (2026 Edition)

## 2. Study

Midday break at last. I’m lucky to be able to return home for lunch, unlike the boarding students. Still, I’m going to pick up something from the frier’s stand to go with my sandwich. Anshef, it means something like “greasy,” and oh are they ever, but after a morning of conjuring I need something to really replenish my plasma, and greasy cheese or tubers will just hit the spot.

Alright, I’m home now. I got some fried curds, fresh cheese and crispy breadcrumbs with some herbs mixed into it. Made a sandwich with some bacon, greens, and a juicy savory fruit. Raumesh, I think? And it only takes a brief conjuration to toast the bread. I never knew mom was a baker until we settled in here.

I’m glad the project let us have hobbies, though. It turns out my dance training, mom’s idea to start with, does blend well with the physical discipline necessary for xátrein, magecraft. There’s a lot of precise body control needed to use magic consistently, and since heavy armor interferes with those movements, it’s always been advised to have agility in both Kenyu and Adin traditions. At least for mages like me.

I’m going to be practicing the motions until my alarm. It’s not long, and I have to practice without the intent to conjure anything! Our house here isn’t fireproof enough for combat magic practice, after all.

## Navigation

- ${\leftarrow}$ [Previous Chapter](prior-chapter.md)
- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
