---
title: 1.03b - Dean
---

It took a few hours, during which Dean tried to pass on what he knew about keeping his thoughts quiet to psychic listeners. He always thought it was weird when people called it mind-reading, since his experience with it was more like listening and speaking. By the end of the session he knew a bit more about Sarah than he really wanted to. If there were any telepaths in her life, they would have probably been mortified to hear how dirty, and dark, some of her thoughts were.

“I guess I’ll have to keep practicing my mental volume,” she admitted as Jurin entered the room, “to keep my goals a bit more private.”

“Well, I won’t tell anybody,” Dean said. Her goals were very selfish, but they really weren’t his business.

By this time, two more people had joined the lounge. Yvette Saint-Yves was from Quebec, but she spoke English well, and seemed to be about as proficient in the Adin tongue as Dean was. Leo Diaz was from Colombia, and spoke broken English and only a few words of the Adin tongue. Dean wasn’t sure if Sarah could understand the Adin tongue at all.

Jurin had taken off her overcoat, and revealed that she was dressed in a uniform similar to her guards, but with slightly more decorations. She tapped the medallion on her collar and twisted a ring on the outside of it clockwise. “Misters Dean and Leo, misses Sarah and Saint-Yves, thank you all for answering the call to join our search. We are honored to have such bright young talents joining us for the next weeks on the Angel’s Wing. I am Jurin Firom, and I will be bringing the four of you to the ship tonight. We are scheduled to leave after the 6th bell… I’m sorry, around six in the evening.”

Dean pulled out his pocketwatch — it was only about 3 PM. He figured he should get to know his peers. His eyes flew up as he heard the word: “…meal you are all welcome to join us in. We will board at,” Jurin paused and thought carefully. “Five thirty. Please, enjoy yourselves until then.” She twisted the ring counter-clockwise, and then stepped away from the spot she had been standing in. “Roman, serve lunch.”

Sarah kept to herself unless she was approached. Dean tried to get to know Leo and Yvette a bit before the flight. Leo was athletic. He played soccer and baseball, and had a scholarship for baseball. His family was excited for both this summer trip and his upcoming scholarship. It got more difficult to follow him as he spoke more, so Dean politely excused himself to chat with Yvette.

Yvette was the daughter of a diplomat and his trophy wife. Her father never had long-term postings, and worked on behalf of Canada throughout the francophone world. Apparently, his influence had rubbed off on Yvette who spoke five languages confidently, if not fluently. French and Quebecois, English, Arabic, and the Adin tongue, plus she said she could also read Latin.

What they both had in common was that they had referred to “Dio” as their reference to this trip. Dean didn’t know who Dio was, or how he was connected to Amber except that they both seemed to be choosing people to compete. He wondered if this meant he was supposed to team up with Sarah, since he and Sarah were both referred by the same person.

Sarah seemed to be writing in a diary for most of the afternoon. She ate, and when Leo or Yvette came to her she seemed polite enough (though Dean still hoped they wouldn’t hear her goals as clearly as he had), but still focused on that diary. She didn’t seem interested in either of them.

“Easy,” she said as she approached Dean.

“Uh, what?” He was confused, both that she had approached him and that she had opened with something so unusual.

“Whatever this competition is, it will be easy to beat them,” Sarah said.

“Oh, so you qualified for baseball scholarships and can speak five languages?” He was sure that the competition, whatever it was, wasn’t really about those things.

“That isn’t important,” Sarah said, brushing a loose lock of hair out of her face. “They’re enemies, or opponents, and we need to be able to crush them. Any idea who ‘Dio’ is?”

Dean shrugged a bit. “Just another sponsor, I guess?” He didn’t know, and figured if they were to know, they’d find out after their flight to the island.

Sarah rolled her eyes grabbed Dean’s chin. “Okay, fine. Do you know who Amber really is?”

“A noblewoman who allegedly lived on Atlantis more than 3000 years ago,” Dean started. “She’s skilled in psionic and magical studies and has sponsored or referred both of us to this competition, which also means she’s been training both of us. When she teaches me, she’s a beautiful lady with strawberry blonde hair in soft curls and…. Quite well endowed. She looks like a sculpture, almost…”

“She’s Aphrodite,” Sarah cut in. She lowered her voice to a whisper. “She looks like the Venus de Milo because she’s the inspiration behind it. She looks like The Birth of Venus because it was modeled on sculptures and stories of her. So do you want to take another guess about who Dio is?”

Dean thoght for a moment about it. If Sarah’s theory were correct--and despite its spurious arguments it didn’t feel entirely wrong—Dio must be another Olympian god or goddess. Had they chosen people to represent traits they possessed or were associated with? Leo was an athlete, Yvette was a scholar. “You know, given your premise, I’m tempted to say Athena, but…”

“Dionysus.” The flatness of her tone said she wan’t interested in arguing. “Look at them? A ruggedly handsome young man who knows how to relax and have fun teamed up with a charming and beautiful girl who… well, I’m sure she’s more than just a flirt, alright?”

Hunter sighed deeply, his shoulders slumping. Yvette had been flirting with him earlier, and while he’d had suspicions, he was just too dense to be sure or confident about it. “Okay, so suppose you’re right…”

“I am,” Sarah insisted.

“Yes, and supposing that, what’s the benefit to us?”

“We are clearly… meant to team up. And by the way, thanks for bringing up Athena, since even with the little information I’m sure of… I suspect she’ll be on this island too. Like this sort of competition would go on without the influence of the goddess of strategy…” She trailed off and opened up her diary, writing with a passion for several minutes. Any time Dean tried to step away, she looked up with an icy glare, until after maybe five minutes she turned up. “Here’s what I think is going to happen…”
