---
title: 1.03a - Sarah
---

Sarah had pulled out her diary and was scribbling in it. Somehow, she had made a horrible assumption about the girl who had greeted her, who it turned out was the head of the escort mission. If this brat who spoke broken English without a spell was in charge, what of the Knight Captain? Why would the head of the mission take orders from her subordinate?

And this boy who was already waiting in the lounge seemed to know more than she did. At least, he seemed to know the language. That meant he could plot with the others behind her back. She didn’t know his name, but she had to look like she knew. She had to be the one in charge, the one who knew the most about this whole thing. She had been personally chosen by Lady Amber, after all!

She snooped around the lounge. He had a nondescript black suitcase. It seemed fairly new, and the identification tags said “D. Carter.” David. Daniel. He could be a Daniel, would he go by Dan or Danny, though? He seemed tired. Low energy. Had it been a long day for him? How long had his previous flight been?

“Hey, Mackenzie?”

She looked up and tried her best to not stare at him. He was decent looking, for a boy. Dusty brown hair, blue eyes. Not terribly athletic. He was probably a brain, like her. “Sarah, actually.” He was wearing a loose red t-shirt and denim shorts. Not a stereotypical brain.

“Dean,” he pulled his right hand out of the pocket and a gold chain fell over the edge. “I was named for my grandpa.”

“Oh,” she said. She took his hand and shook it. “What’s in your pocket?”

“Christmas gift from grandpa Dean,” he said, grabbing the chain and slowly pulling out a gold-plated pocketwatch. Well, it was probably gold-plated, she reminded herself. She was tempted to try and take it. “It’s a reminder of my family.”

So he cared about family. That was useful. “My grandparents never come up from Arizona anymore,” she said. It had been five years since she’d seen any of her grandparents. “Mom’s are around Phoenix and dad’s are near Tucson.”

“Do you visit them?”

“Not lately,” she said. She had to get more information from him. “So are you a fan of pocket watches?”

He shrugged and slipped the watch back into his pocket. “They’re useful, I guess. I do tend to lose wristwatches, but the sentimental value of this gift… I guess it helps me keep track of it.”

She nodded. That would be her key, if she could get hold of it.

“Of course, I don’t think I’d ever let somebody else hold it. Even if it broke, I might keep it just for the memories.”

“Hold it,” she said, frowning. “Are you reading my…”

“You aren’t really shielding them,” he said, frowning. “I thought you’d pick it up sooner. You have been trained in your psychic abilities, right?”

It was her weak area. She’d been reminded so many times over the last few years, while Lady Amber had trained her, but she’d never seen the point in practicing when everybody she met seemed totally unaware of her inner voice. “I guess I didn’t practice as well as I should have,” she said. She took a deep breath and looked back up at him. “Maybe you could help me refresh while we wait?”
