---
title: 2.01b - Sarah
---

The shuttle had been impressive enough, but the island—no, the airship—was unbelievable. Stepping outside, he felt the tropical heat, and looked up to see the clear skies. The best part was that he didn’t feel like he was in the sky. The air was easy to breathe, and somehow even still smelled like a small island in the sea.

“Oh, yes, I see I chose two fine candidates to sponsor,” came a booming voice. A large, heavyset man of apparently middle age was approaching the group and looking over Sarah and Leo. He was wearing a loose fitting tunic that was tied off high around his waist, and hung to a bit below his knees. The tunic did little to hide that he wasn’t just big, almost six feet tall, but had a soft figure and a commanding presence. “You know, for some reason I thought you’d be a blonde,” he said to Sarah. Turning to Leo, he appraised the man. “Oh, that is beautiful skin. We are going to party so hard, both of you!”

Sarah tried to protest, but the man seemed to be very aggressively friendly. “I think you have the wrong…”

“Oh, I don’t make mistakes about people who want to have fun,” he said, giving an awkward flexing pose. “Dio is the king of fun, babies!”

“I think…”

“You don’t need to think when you’re with me, little lady. Well, not today at least. Come on, let’s get you two down to briefing, Leo, Yvette.”

“My name is…”

Dio dragged Sarah and Leo towards a bunker-like building covered in dirt and grass until he started to grunt and his legs locked in place.

“Sarah Mackenzie,” a tall woman, even taller than Sarah as Dean saw it, with strawberry blonde hair was standing about five feet in front of Dio. She wore a loose dress in red with white floral patterns on the fabric. The dress hung unevenly, held up across her left shoulder and ending near her left knee, but nearly to the ankle of her right leg. “Dio, this young lady is with me. You should have trusted your instinct about your candidate being a blonde.”

For the first time, Dio seemed to be out of control in the situation, and Dean relaxed. He recognized this woman — she was Lady Amber, and he had seen her in his dreams, or something like dreams. “Amber, baby, this girl is all about fun, not like that stick in the mud brainy bombshell. Isn’t that right, doll? You have fun plans for your life, don’t you?”

Sarah shrugged. “Lady Amber is quite right,” she said, now that Dio seemed to be unable to cut her off or drag her along with him. Sarah took a step towards Amber and smiled. “Yes, I am Sarah Mackenzie. Thank you, ma’am.”

Amber took a long step towards Sarah, and it was clear that she must be a good six inches taller than the girl. “Dean, granddaughter, please join us.”

Dean looked around for a moment. Yvette was marching over to Dio already, and the moment she caught up, Dio started to storm off, his body apparently capable of moving again. Yvette followed with an indignant stomp in her step.

Jurin grabbed him by the shoulder. “It’s not wise to keep grandmother waiting,” she said with an unpleased expression on her face. “Especially not since father…” She shook her head and grew silent. “Come on, mister Dean.”

Dean swallowed and walked with her. “Ssorry, Lady Amber,” he said. “I take it you and Dio don’t see eye to eye?”

“Not at the moment,” Amber said with a slight frown on her face. “I think I’m going to show you two to your lodging before we get you briefed. Jurin, I trust you were satisfied with your little expedition.”

Dean turned his head slightly and noticed Jurin’s cheeks were turning a bright red. She didn’t say anything, but reached up to her collar and twisted the outer ring of her translator in a motion Dean now recognized to be turning it off. “Yi chi hort ba demargel prame yanitongalmela.”

For a moment the two of them conversed in their own language. Dean couldn’t follow it at the speed they used, though he picked out a few words. Based on their references to each other, Amber, the strikingly sexy middle-aged woman, was Jurin’s grandmother. It didn’t make sense from anything Dean understood about aging, but maybe magic was involved? Plus, aging or not, he knew that Amber claimed to be thousands of years old, and to have traveled to and from a distant planet. The only thing he could pick up from the conversation was that Jurin was unhappy about something Amber wasn’t letting her do, and Amber was disappointed about Jurin’s response for some reason he didn’t understand.

“I told you,” Sarah whispered after stepping closer to him during the conversation. “She’s Aphrodite. Dio is Dionysus, and I dodged a bullet by her stepping in.”

“What, you mean you don’t think you could have hypnotized him and gotten away before he woke up?” Dean chuckled until he noticed the glare that Sarah gave him. “Okay, you did think that, but you think it would have made you a target.”

She let out an exasperated sigh. “Would you just let me say what I’m thinking instead of listening to my thoughts, you jerk?”

“Sorry, it’s just… your thoughts are loud.” He didn’t mean to spy, but while his brother had gotten to turn into some kind of wolf-man, he’d been stuck being overwhelmed by the thoughts of everybody around him. “And unshielded. He really upset you, didn’t he?”

“Yes. That’s why I hate boys,” she growled. “Nothing personal, but he’s not thinking rationally. I don’t think Leo is used to that either. You’re less impulsive than them.”

He started to laugh. “Me? Restrained? Not impulsive? You haven’t even known me a day,” he said through his laughter. “I… I try, though.”

“Well, he doesn’t.” Sarah took a deep breath and Dean could hear her thoughts growing quieter. She was shielding, like they had practiced.

“Now then,” Amber said, almost seamlessly going from a statement in her native language to Jurin to one in English for Dean and Sarah. “You will be neighbors in the newly constructed lodgings. Unless you’d like to be housemates?”

Sarah shook her head. “No, no, ma’am, neighbors will be fine.”

Dean was intrigued by the prospect, but he was pretty sure that whether they were forced into it or chose it, being housemates would not work out for them. “I think neighbors is fine,” he said. “Are we supposed to be…”

Amber held up her left hand. “Save that question for the briefing. There are two neighborhoods, and there were mean to be sixteen contestants, but… several were unable to join us.” She lowered her hand and soon stopped at a cluster of small houses. “These are made to serve as housing for our civilian staff, but as we have only a small number of civilians operating here at present, they are still under military and ambassadorial jurisdiction. They will be your homes for the summer, so once your luggage arrives, please make yourselves comfortable.”

She handed each of them a key. “Sarah, you will have the third from the left. Dean, yours will be the fourth from the left. Please do take care of your home.”
