---
title: 2.01a - Jurin
---

As the shuttle landed on the upper plate of the Angel’s Wings, Jurin let out a deep sigh of relief. “Thank you, Cheyrin,” she said in her native tongue, before opening the doorway to the passenger compartment.

She started speaking and the guards turned to her, but only Saint-Yves and Carter did so. Damn, she needed to learn this modern language for herself, but she didn’t want to just get a telepathic lesson. She liked actually learning things for herself. She reached for her collar and twisted the activation ring on her translator unit.

“Attention, passengers,” she said, letting Roman’s enchantment on her translator do its job. “We have now arrived at the Angel’s Wings. We are approximately 3 miles above the ocean, on a flying island fortress which we have been repairing for the past two years. It is currently four in the afternoon, local time, so please set your watches and clocks appropriately.”

She took a deep breath. They had landed, but still needed permission to debark, so she was probably going to need to answer some questions about the wait.

“Mister Leo, you have a question?”

“Sí, miss Jurin. You say we are on a fortress?” His English was awkward, and the translator was not helping Jurin understand exactly what he meant.

“Yes. The Angel’s Wings are a pair of _xasumarau_… magical machine airships,” she explained. There wasn’t a word in English for what she wanted to call them, or if there was, the spell Roman had crafted couldn’t translate that concept. That was one of the limits of translation spells and _xasumarn_ devices—the available language had to be crafted into the matrix, so unknown words and even the natural development of a language could interfere with them.

The last language Jurin had learned on Earth was from two millenia back, and while she had helped a lot with providing translation units early on when the Adin first arrived on Atrusius, the years had changed Earth languages too much for her to rely on her memory. Well, except with Saint-Yves, who had been able to form a surprisingly grammatical, if mispronounced, greeting in the language of Rome. Apparently Latin was considered a language of education and science now, largely because of its regularities and being a preserved language not in daily use.

“The two airships are currently docked together, and you will be given homes on the surface during your stay here. Most of the machine levels are being repaired, but once we debark and you meet your sponsors,” she spoke deliberately to make sure she used the chosen word, “you will report to the leadership level for briefing and a medical check, as well as assignment of your necessary tools.” She paused for a moment to see if there were other questions. “Miss Sarah?”

“You said we’re above the ocean?”

Jurin sighed. It was too obvious of a question, she supposed. “Yes. The Angel’s Wings are operational and flying at an altitude of roughly 3 miles. There is no need to worry about your breathing or comfort,” she explaineed for them. “We use devices to regulate the climate and atmospheric conditions to be similar to those at the surface. Like the Angel’s Wings, these devices are powered by magic.”

Cheyrin opened the cockpit door. “Lady Jurin, the landing site crew has authorized us to debark,” she said.

Thank the spirits, Jurin thought to herself. “Thank you for your patience, everybody. We will have all of your luggage transported to your lodgings. There is no need to wait here for your luggage.” By the time she was done announcing it, the candidates were already gathering up the personal carriage luggage they had brought. It was going to be a long few months, but she already had her eyes on one candidate she hoped would win.
