---
title: 2.01c - Sarah
---

A house, even if it was small, all to herself. No parents to hide her activities from. No big brothers to try and take over the common spaces. No little brother to help her with chores. Well, it was mostly good, at least.

As she opened the door, she saw a small foyer with a utility closet, a door to a toilet, and a coat and shoe closet as well as a second locked door into the house proper. She unlocked the second door and found a cozy kitchen, dining nook, and a living room with a fireplace next to a patio door. She assumed the two bedroom layout was only because these were intended for civilian use, which meant possible children.

Each bedroom had its own toilet and bathroom, but the front bedroom was decidedly smaller. She would convert it into an office and guest room, assuming she had any guests. As an office, though, she’d make good use of it to plot her way through whatever this competition was going to be. It was only after checking the entire house out that she realized that there was, in fact, only one bed in the whole house, and it was in the larger bedroom. That would make it easier to use the small bedroom as an office, assuming she could get furniture.

“Now then, my first task is to… well, I suppose wait for Lady Amber to come back and take us to our briefing,” she said out loud, to herself. With nothing else to do, and nothing terribly engaging in her carry-on luggage, she took inventory of the house.

The living room had something that looked like a TV, but it wouldn’t make sense to have a TV on an air fortress powered by magic, would it? Either way, she could find any way to control it, if it was a TV. There was also a coffee table, an L-shaped sofa, and a matching chair. It was surprisingly modern. And human. Maybe these Adin weren’t that different from Americans?

The kitchen had two pantries, but as she opened them she noticed a stark difference — one was ambient, and the other was chilled, somehow. Magic, she assumed. If she called the cooled pantry a fridge, there was a freezer at the top of it. There were other open-air cupboards, and a pair of hanging cooking pans, with a pair of pots stored in one of the lower cupboards. Not much, and she would have to keep her place clean on her own. There were four sets of place settings, too. She wasn’t expecting to entertain much, but she would need to work her own magic on the others to secure her victory.

Across the counter from the kitchen was a dining table with four seats. The seats were backless, and just a bit higher than Sarah was used to, but as it turned out, almost the perfect height for her to sit comfortably. There was a window looking out to the neighborhood center, where a tropical tree was providing shade. Looking out, she saw two more people being brought over by a skinny and wiry man with a sharply pointed nose and a white smock over a dark gray toga.

There was a red-headed girl with a tattoo on her wrist, and a dark-skinned boy with piercings in his eyebrows. They seemed to head to the next two houses, past Dean’s. She was about to move on to assess her office when she heard a knock at her door. She went to answer it and saw the wiry man. “You’re one of Amber’s kids, right? Just wanted to say hi, I’m the head of the medical department, Harvey.” He spoke like a car salesman on TV.

“Oh, hello. Yes, I’m Sarah, Amber sponsored me.” She didn’t want to say much since she wasn’t sure who he was.
