---
title: 3.01 - Aphrodite
---

“Why are we lying about our names, again?” Aphrodite looked around the room and fixed her eyes on the ambassador in charge of the military operations, a tall, statuesque woman with dark brown hair in tight curls around her brow and cheeks. “I mean, I don’t mind my own, Pallas General, but it’s difficult to keep some of them straight.”

The taill woman sighed. “Aphrodite, we’ve gone over this in briefings. We’re seeking diplomatic liaisons, not new members to our ranks as Emissaries, so we are disguising that we are the same Adin who were once called gods by the humans. All eight of us have been assigned aliases and suitable nicknames from the perspective of modern humans.”

The acrid, sulfuric scent that entered the room at that moment accompanied a tall, wiry man. “Well, come on, it’s not that bad. Nobody hears ‘Harvey’ and thinks ‘That guy is up to no good.’ My beautiful seafoam, I just met your kids. Absolutely stunning girl. You sure they’re both going to be up to the roles?”

Aphrodite sighed and turned to Hades. “I do, indeed. Dionysus almost stole miss Mackenzie, and I think she has the potential to become a stellar ambassadorial consultant, if not an Emissary herself in the future.” She looked around the table. Eight of the old guard had come on this mission, with the others dead or staying at their new homeworld.

To her right was her once-lover, a powerfully built man with a curly black beard and tightly-trimmed hair. The rose colour of his cheeks was from drinking with Dionysus, and his best days as a warrior were far behind him. “Ares, your candidates haven’t arrived yet, have they?”

“They sure haven’t,” he said gruffly. “Some kind of storm forced a detour. Their ETA is about thirty minutes.”

The tallest woman, the one in full military garb, nodded. “My candidates are on the same shuttle, Aphrodite. And unfortunately, neither Hermes’ nor Demeter’s candidates succeeded in their final qualifications. All four of them were too young.”

Aphrodite nodded. “So we will only have twelve.”

She next looked across the table to Dionysus. A boy who had never truly grown up as she saw him. He wore his wavy hair long with a horrible looking long beard and thin mustache. He belt had been undone, leaving his tunic to hang open revealing his carefree attitude extended as much to dress as to mistaken identities.

To his right was a woman with an anxious look on her face, an older middle-aged woman sitting next to her, and Hades had taken a seat next to the older woman. The older woman had hair the color of a wheat field in bloom, and she gave a sickened glance towards Hades. Demeter was protective of her daughter, even and especially from her son-in-law.

Persephone, on the other hand, seemed detached apart from her anxiety. Her golden hair was fairer than her mother’s, though it had a shock of striking silver above each of her eyes, hanging down in soft curls. “I don’t think it matters that much,” she said in a soft, but clear, tone. “After all, our goal in running this competition is to sort out the chaff. What does it really matter if they know who we were thousands of years ago. None of them knew us back then.”

The voice to Aphrodite’s left was sudden and fast. “Pallas General is right, though. Come on, you all saw that cartoon. None of us are anything like that… ‘cept Hades, right? Always lookin’ to make a deal to further his research.” He was lean and athletic, wearing a pale blue tunic with crimson trim. He was the only man in their team who cared about his presentation, and Aphrodite appreciated that. He had a delicate nose, powerful thighs and calves showing beneath his tunic, and not a hint of indecency. Hermes tapped the head of his rod as he spoke. “They don’t have to know us personally to have an opinion of us, their cultures still remember us.”

The general nodded. “By the way, Aphrodite, how did your granddaughter’s device function?”

“She won’t report on it right now,” Aphrodite said. “How long do such rebellious phases last?”

Hades shot a glance across Demeter to his wife. “Unfortunately, my pomegranate here is still in hers, so I couldn’t possibly say.”

The general slammed her hands on the table. “As the head of this expedition’s military force, I will not be disrespected by such discussion.”

Aphrodite smirked, but still managed to suppress a chuckle. The 3500-year-old virgin general didn’t like talk of their love lives. Or their offspring. “My apologies, General Athena,” she said in a forced flat tone. “If Jurin won’t speak to me about it, I will request a report from Knight Captain Cheyrin.”

“Very good.” Athena pushed herself up from her seat and looked over all eight of the emissaries before she continued. “Now, Aphrodite, please bring your candidates to administration for their briefing and medical checks. Ares and I will greet ours and bring them in for medical checks as soon as their shuttle has landed securely. Dionysus, you have work to do with the kitchen staff. Hades, you know where you’re needed. Demeter, Hermes, please inform all of the fortress staff that we will be proceeding with the competition as planned.”

Everybody else rose in response to the commands. Athena was upset, and nobody wanted to be around her for too long in this mood.

“Dismissed!”
