---
title: 3.02c - Dean
---

Dean was not comfortable here. The tunnels, or interior corridors, were wider than he’d seen on human ships, but still a little claustrophobic. They were nothing like he’d expected from space travelers, but he’d already concluded that this was not a new ship. It was old, and maybe it had been military.

He stepped into the office Amber indicated, and there was a stark change in environment. The office felt like something out of Star Trek, with a higher ceiling, comfortable seats, and a computer terminal. Jurin was wearing a dark grey dress as she sat at the terminal, apparently entering information of some sort.

“_Chumedra_?” She looked up at them only after Dean had heard the door close. He noticed her turning the ring on her translator before she continued. “I suppose you want me to brief them, too?”

“No,” Amber said in a very commanding tone. “I am assigning you as their personal staff liaison, Jurin. As such, I am briefing all three of you together.”

Jurin let out a loud sigh and stood up, placed her hands together, palm to palm and fingers straight up, and gave a stiff bow that Dean figured was meant to be polite. “I am at your service, Emissary.”

Amber let out a sigh that Dean could tell was exasperated. “We talked about this last month,” Amber said. “I thought you wanted to work with the humans.”

Jurin stepped out from behind the desk and gestured to Amber to sit at it. “Emissary Firom, have I done something wrong?”

Amber sighed once again. “Technically, no.” She walked to the desk and though she tried to give Jurin a hug, Jurin stood passive until Amber was behind the desk. “Very well, Commander. Please give the candidates their information packets. Sarah, Dean, please have a seat.”

Dean let Sarah choose a seat. They were both comfortable armchairs, not very easy to move, but more than he’d expected from a military. After Sarah sat on the right, he took the left. The chair was firmer than the one in his house, but still comfortable for such a formal situation. He also noticed that he wasn’t hearing any of the mechanisms he’d been aware of while in the corridors.

“We are looking for several humans to help our diplomatic mission,” Amber said as Jurin was walking to them. “The next ten weeks will see you competing in physical and mental challenges to raise your prestige among our staff both here and in orbit. You will be expected, when not in challenge, to study more about our culture, language, and sciences, as well as to associate with your peers and the staff and residents of this fortress.”

Dean nodded. Sarah had already opened the folio Jurin had given her. He followed suit, and thumbed through it. It was ten or twelve pages long, and talked about the code of conduct and expectations. It would probably be more detailed than Amber’s speech, but she would be able to answer questions.

“The final challenge, in August, will be a series of one-on-one contests between candidates chosen by our faction. Our original plan was to run an elimination competition, but due to misinformation about several candidates, we will instead simply use the six final contests to select whom we wish to offer positions to. Some of the information in this packet is outdated, but our information corps had important to work to do preparing the communications arrays and systems. There is a brief summary of your competitors included, as well as a list of courses of study you may follow.”

Dean looked it over. There were four profiles that had been blotted out, he assumed manually. “Ma’am, are we expected to team up?”

Amber smiled. “I would advise it, but it is not an expectation or requirement. It would be easier for both of you to get offers, though, if you team up and focus on competing against different rivals from the candidate pool.”

Sarah let out a sharp breath at that. “I guess we could try,” she said. “But I’m not used to having anybody on my side.”

“I’ve always been a loner except for my twin,” Dean said, thinking about his brother for a moment. “But if you’re game, so am I.”
