---
title: 3.02a - Dean
---

Dean was surprised to find that the houses had electrical outlets. He could keep his PDA charged, and use it to take notes. After his things were delivered, he was going to make himself truly at home, but for now, he just had a candy bar that had been in his carry-on, and looked out the patio window.

There were animals living up here. He didn’t know them by name, but there were birds occassionally flying by, and some small mammals scavenging near the tree roots. The whole environment seemed to be cultivated, and to be incredibly established. The Angel’s Wings were not a fortress that had been brought to Earth by the Adin, they had been here all along.

He was about to get a glass of water when he heard a sharp knock at his door, followed by three softer knocks. Setting his half-eaten candy bar, and wrapper, on the counter, he went to the door.

“Hades,” Sarah hissed. “Did you see him? His candidates must have gotten here before us, they’re in the next two houses.”

Dean just blinked in confusion. “Sorry, what?”

Sarah let out a heavy sigh. “Can I come in?”

Dean nodded and let her in through the foyer and offered her a seat in the living room.

Sarah didn’t sit, instead grabbing the candy bar as if were her own, and taking a big bite out of it. After she swallowed she looked to Dean. “Did you see the man outside earlier? I think he’s Hades.”

Dean just shook his head for a second. “I didn’t see anybody,” he said. “I was admiring the view out back.”

Sarah took another bite, then offered Dean the last bite of his own candy bar. “There’s a redheaded girl and a black boy. I haven’t met them, but he dropped them off. Wait, did he not introduce himself to you?”

Dean shrugged and took the offered stolen candy. “Maybe I missed him. I was thinking about what you said earlier.”

“You seem like an oblivious type,” she said. “Space cadet.”

“So I’ve been told,” Dean said with a heavy sigh. “Though I don’t go around stealing people’s food n their own house.”

Sarah blinked a few times. “Did I? Look, not important. I couldn’t place it until after he left, but he smells like sulfur and bleach. God of death, Hades. And he said he’s the head of the medical division or something. Not sure I really want that…”

Dean cut in: “Did he say he’s Hades?”

“Of course not,” Sarah scoffed. “Just like Amber hasn’t told us that she’s Aphrodite. I think they’re trying to hide it so we don’t judge them based on shit like that Hercules show.”

Dean sighed. “Or the cartoon. You know, that movie?” He walked over to the armchair and looked out the window for a moment. “Wait, why do you think they even know about those?”

Sarah lifted herself up onto the counter and sat there. She seemed to have a need to put herself above others. “They don’t need to,” She said and shook her head. “For one thing, they’re all psychic, so they know what we think about them, just like you, mister mind-reader.”

Dean blushed a bit, but nodded. “I’ve gotten good at tuning it out from most people.”

Sarah cocked her head and continued. “For another thing, do you think people didn’t have stories and preconceptions of them before they went away? Hell, everything we know about them came from those stories.”

Dean nodded and turned back to Sarah. “And what do we do about it? I mean, what do we do about knowing this? Do you think it will let us know what challenges they’re going to make us go through?”

Sarah stopped at that and frowned. Her eyes shifted towards the ceiling. “I guess I hadn’t thought quite that far ahead,” she said. She might be almost as impulsive as he was. “But it must be helpful, somehow. I guess we’ll, um, just have to see what happens.”

Dean decided to change the topic. Sarah was stunningly beautiful, and he wasn’t really sure how formal his last relationship had been. They had drifted apart a bit since he turned 18, and she was still underaged. And he remembered something Sarah had been thinking about earlier. “So you really think you could have hypnotized Dio?”

“Easily,” she said with a confident, or cocky, grin. “Want a demonstration?”

“I’ve always been interested in it. Mom says I watched too many cartoons growing up,” he said with a grin. He had a little experience, but he was always nervous about the subject. “Have you ever been hypnotized?”

“I can’t be hypnotized by anybody else,” she said with a very firm tone. “But I’ve hypnotized myself a few times. I could probably hypnotize you, if you want.”

“Seems we have a little time,” he said. As she lowered herself from the counter, he added, “But fair is fair, if I let you hypnotize me, I’d like a chance to try hypnotizing you, alright?”

“Fine,” she said. “If you think you can.”
