---
title: 3.02b - Aphrodite
---

As Amber headed back to the neighborhood her candidates were assigned to, she let her psychic sense open. Hades had delivered his candidates, and it seemed the presence of both of her candidates were in the same house. Dean’s house. Sarah seemed calm and Dean eager, but she didn’t want to pry further, so she raised her barriers.

She waited a moment before knocking. She hoped they would work together, but she also knew enough to suspect Sarah would resist that idea. Whatever they were doing might be Sarah trying to manipulate Dean as a pawn, not work with him as a partner. Sarah could be aggressive in insidious and unexpected ways.

KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK.

Sarah answered the door after about a minute. “Sarah? I thought this was Dean’s home.”

“We were just talking,” Sarah said with a polite, almost too formal, tone in her voice. She was up to something.

Dean came to the door before Amber could respond. “Is it time for our briefing, ma’am?”

“Yes,” Amber said, putting on a soft smile. “I’m here to take you to your briefing and medical check. Have you met Harvey yet? He said he met you when he dropped his candidates off.” Sarah nodded, but didn’t say anything. Dean was getting his shoes on, but he just shrugged. It seemed Harvey, as usual, was more interested in girls who were too young for him. “I hope you’re both comfortable with your housing.”

Dean nodded. “It’s nice. Almost like a resort,” he said.

“Can we ask for furniture for it,” Sarah said.

Amber smiled. “Just let me know what you need. We figured you wouldn’t need beds in two rooms since you’re meant to be living independently. We hope you will each use your spare room to suit your needs.”

She led them to another bunker-like entrance to the administrative levels of the fortress, closer to their homes than the landing site. This one opened onto a small room with a few posts for overcloaks, but the weather currently didn’t require those. Amber lead her candidates down the stairs to the first deck.

“Stay close,” she warned. “The interior can be a labyrinth until you get used to navigating it.” It took about ten minutes to reaching the briefing office, where Jurin was waiting. Amber was not looking forward to debriefing Jurin, but the General was insistent that Amber debrief her own granddaughter, since she had insisted on allowing Jurin to go to the surface in place of one of the military escort leaders.

“We’re here.” She turned to look over her candidates again. Sarah seemed to be more fit, and less winded, than Dean, but Dean was more attentive. If they teamed up to cover their weakness, they could easily secure two of the openings on the diplomatic team.
