---
title: 4.01 - Sarah
---

“Your physique really is amazing,” Harvey said as he conducted Sarah’s medical check. “You must have a secret. Exercise, diet, both?”

Sarah was not pleased with his invasive questions, but she answered the ones she could put up with. “I really don’t do anything special,” she said. “Unless visualization exercises count.”

Harvey’s left eyebrow raised to a horrible angle at that. “Oh my, that explains a lot,” he said as he raised up a sheet of glass. On the glass was a typical-looking firgure, like you would see in a medical textbook. “You see, miss Mackenzie, this is a normal young woman’s proportions. Even if you account for differences in fat and muscle development, it would be a miracle for a normal girl to look like Amber or yourself.”

Sarah was flustered, and possibly blushing. Her cheeks felt warm as she took in the fact that she had just been compared, positively, to Amber. No, she told herself, to Aphrodite.

“Now I can see I’ve piqued your interest,” Harvey muttered, almost as if he was on a stage ad had no reason to hide his words from Sarah. “Good, you have what we Emissaries like to call… Divine proportions. Shoulders like a soldier and hips like a fertility spirit, not a wasted ounce of fat, and look at these nails. You haven’t trimmed them in years, have you?”

Sarah was about to protest when she remembered that she hadn’t actually had to trim her nails herself for a while. Sure, they grew, but she would usually get a manicure. “Well, it’s not like I’m a statue.”

Harvey laughed at that. “But you could be, dear. Amber is lucky to have gotten such an impressive candidate, I think you can probably go all the way.”

Sarah was sure she was blushing by now, and she wanted it to stop. Blushing was something for followers to do, and she was a born leader. “Stop it, please.” She wasn’t embarrassed, she was overjoyed to hear these compliments, but it felt like she imagined most of her dates in high school had felt when she approached them. Being told that she was out of Harvey’s league, by Harvey, reminded her a lot of high school dating, but his age and experience made it feel just different.

“Look, here’s the deal,” Harvey said with a toothy grin. “You said you use visualization exercises to keep this appearance up. That means you’re using either magic or a psychic ability, and you probably don’t even realize it. My money is on some sort of psychometabolism, a skill or ability that lets you focus your willpower to control your body. Having divine proportions without even realizing it is very impressive, too. Amber is truly a goddess among us, but very few people can hold such a realistic image in their mind long enough to last.”

“It isn’t unrealistic,” Sarah insisted, flashing her gaze at the display and noting the differences between the two women on the glass. “I swear, my visualization exercises are all based on pictures of real people.”

“But are they based on pictures of one person, or an ideal form with pieces of several?” Harvey was focused on a separate display, not even looking in her direction at this point. “The point is that it reflects your self image. Whether it’s realistic or not, you look the way you do because you believe, and reinforce your own belief, that you should look like this.”

Sarah nodded slowly, not fully understanding why he had bothered with calling it “unrealistic” anymore. “But it is real, isn’t it?”

“Of course, but it just isn’t normal.” He turned back to face her and pointed out the two figures. “Or natural. If you break down the proportions, a normal human woman is about six to seven headlengths, right? Well… your current measurements put you at eight headlengths, and I strongly suspect you have inspired many a dream in your peers growing up. As you grow into your full power, you could wind up at 9 headlengths, just because your self-image of perfection will almost definitely mature with you.”

Sarah had been vaguely following him. Art. She had sketched a lot, and had drawn her ideal self a few times. She always drew herself like a superhero or a goddess, towering over normal people. She had grown to be six feet tall, so she did tower over most of the girls, and even a lot of the boys and men, in her hometown. She barely worked out, and…
