---
title: 4.01b - Sarah (Flashback)
---

At twelve years old, Sarah was very unhappy after a visit to the dentist. He had tried to tell her she needed to brush and floss better, and then he’d called her parents in before they could go home. She was not invited to hear this part, so she listened in at the door.

“I’m afraid Sarah is going to need braces,” Doctor Jensen had said. “We’ll need you to bring her back in next month to get them fitted.”

I will not wear braces and be the girl everybody laughs at, Sarah told herself. Braces are ugly, and my teeth are perfect. They are straight and clean and exactly what they should be. That was the first time she started her visualization exercises. She got pictures of perfect smiles and started telling herself that she had a perfect smile with perfect teeth. She started brushing and flossing better too.

The next appointment came around and the dentist stared with his jaw on the floor, and his nasty crooked teeth on display as he looked inside of Sarah’s mouth.

“I, er, must have made a mistake,” he said, tenderly poking and prodding at her perfectly white and straight teeth. “I thought you would need braces, but somehow you’ve… your teeth are perfect.”

As she left the dentist that day, Sarah believed in herself, and the power to become whatever she envisioned, with nothing more than some visualization exercises and a little bit of work to support them. She was always able to find good references too, by borrowing from her dad’s secret magazines or convincing her mom to buy fashion magazines.
