---
title: 4.02b - Jurin (Flashback)
---

“Dear, there’s no need to worry,” grandmother said. “You’ll do a wonderful job of bringing these candidates to us, and I’m going to be counting on your to help guide Sarah and Dean.”

Jurin rolled her eyes. Grandmother was always treating her like a child, even though she was one of the most respected and accomplished engineers on the whole mission. She had been given command of the Pale Breeze shuttle and appointed above even the Knight-Captain who was assigned to the shuttle, even though she was a civilian engineer.

“You are also going to be my eyes and ears on the ground with Dean and Sarah,” grandmother had said. “Help them figure out the lessons and skills they need, and how to develop them. Keep them on task when they seem distracted by personal worries. Make sure they focus on ther other candidates as rivals, not each other.”

The first mission was simple: Greet each of the four candidates assigned to the Pale Breeze as their flights arrived without revealing her rank. Escort them to the lounge reserved for the Pale Breeze, and see how each of them reacted towards her during that time. What the candidates didn’t know was that the earrings she wore at the airport, and on the shuttle, were completed English to Adinjo comprehension units.

Sarah treated her like a servant, maybe even like a slave or a machine. It was clear that Sarah already had a high opinion of herself, even if Jurin hadn’t been able to sense the general feel of her thoughts. Jurin’s assessment was that she barely gave a thought to “the help” unless they messed something up.

Dean had come earlier, and been kinder. He’d greeted her politely, asked for her name, and hadn’t made a comment on her accent or quirky speech. He’d even greeted her when she came in ahead of Sarah. He showed respect for her, and that was appealing.

Leo was cheerful and energetic. He asked a lot of questions and Jurin had the sense that he was trying to take notes. She had, in keeping with orders, avoided commenting on her true identity or family, while Leo seemed to want to talk all about his family. He had slipped into Spanish several times, usually only for a word or so, which had confused Jurin further. All told, he seemed to be a respectful person, maybe a bit too talkative.

Yvette had been polite. She’d been charming, witty, and had not obviously looked down on Jurin. She had commented on liking the exotic feeling her accent and speech gave, and that Jurin was very pretty. Jurin got the impression that Yvette might be attracted to her, but may have simply been friendly.

During the flight, she had largely stayed in the cabin to observe their interactions, entering her observations as an electronic report for the Emissaries. She had only entered the cockpit when she was confident her report was finished, to use the communications system to transmit it ahead of their arrival.

Since getting back, grandmother had been pestering her about things that were either in the report, or were irrelevant. There were enough wizards and mages and clerics and shamans in the crew that she could get translation enchantments as needed, the quality of her speech translation unit didn’t matter to the mission’s success. It was a personal project.

The briefing in her temporary office was an insult to her status. Grandmother should have sent Jurin a summons to her own office, but instead she showed a disrespect Jurin expected not to be shown as an adult by barging into Jurin’s office without so much as an, “I’m on my way,” to let her get prepared.

And then, an audiolog arrived to her slate almost as soon as she had made it up here, into her new house.

“Granddaughter,” Aphrodite said, her voice almost sounding genuine in a way Jurin hadn’t heard for years. “I know this will be a difficult change in your life. I cannot always protect you or treat you like the little girl you were when we last left this world. You are a rainbow in my skies, and I am pushing you here in the hope that it will let me see you as a peer, not simply my granddaughter.”

Jurin could have almost cried. She didn’t, because she was sure that something less heartfelt would be coming up.

“I’m sorry I’ve treated you like a child for so long, but losing your parents hurt both of us. I know I became too protective of you,” Amber let out a long sigh. Jurin felt it was calculated to play on her sympathy. “You’re all I have left of your father… but, I want you to fly free, little bird. Yes, you have responsibilities in this position, but I won’t give you any further orders about how to guide them. I trust you, Jurin. Please help them both.”
