---
title: 4.02a - Jurin
---

Jurin lifted her slate off the table quickly once the gentle chime of a new message came in. She wanted to be in her lab, but grandmother was insisting she stay in one of the vacant houses near Dean and Sarah.

Both of the medical exams were done, and she pored over the profiles for both of her charges. They both had a huge amount of potential magically, though Sarah had even stronger psychic potential than magical. Dean was fairly average on his psychic potential. Sarah appeared to be using her psychic powers while unaware — managing micro-transformations to give her a very beautiful figure and proportions that went beyond a normal person. Jurin had noticed those proportions back in the airport.

Dean, on the other hand, was like a shining star magically, while Sarah seemed more like the moon. He didn’t have miraculous physical proportions either. If anything he seemed a bit too average at first glance. Jurin had noticed something in him, though, a knack for empathy that Sarah didn’t seem to have. From her grandmother’s personal reports, Sarah had a talent for what she wanted, but Dean seemed to be able to effortlessly connect different disciplines.

Jurin tried to decide who she thought had a better chance of winning a job offer. She could tell that Sarah was going to be a personality to be reckoned with, but the depth of Dean’s potential made him difficult to anticipate. If he could survive the first two competitions without losing his resolve, he might just have what it takes to be the top pick. Sarah would almost definitely get an offer, though, and her resolve seemed to be indomitable.

She had started pacing around her living room. What she really wanted to do was work on the circuit design for her translator, but without her lab equipment she had finally gone beyond the point of tinkering. Roman’s enchantment would only last a day, too, so she’d be back to her own translator by tomorrow.

She took the translator off of her collar and disassembled it carefully. The circuits were glowing with the effects of Roman’s enchantment, and she tried to commit the layout of the spell matrix to memory. She could manage it for the surface layers, but then she remembered that a spell matrix was a 3D composition, and her eyes couldn’t see a matrix through physical obstructions like her circuits.

She frowned. “_Jak’hau,_” she growled and stepped away from the translator. She had to focus. Grandmother was counting on her to help Dean and Sarah both do their best, but how could she do that if she couldn’t speak with them? She needed her lab--as soon as possible.
