---
title: 4.03 - Sarah
---

There was going to be a feast, but before that, Amber had taken both her and Dean hom to get changed. When Sarah stepped into her house, she saw her luggage had been delivered into the living room, along with a tidily wrapped package. On the package was a note, hand-written in extremely well-disciplined block letters:

> Candidate Mackenzie:
> 
> Thank you for accepting our offer to come and compete for a position with the Adin Diplomatic Mission. This package contains a variety of equipment which will assist you in your studies and challenges aboard the Angel’s Wings. We are all counting on you to do your best to earn a position with us. We will send someone to fetch you and your neighbors for dinner at 8.P.M tonight.
> 
> Please do not challenge any of your fellow candidates until we announce the official opening of the competition. We know you may be eager to prove your abilities, but consider this a form of internship or apprenticeship. You will all be competing in entertaining but meaningful ways to prove yourselves worthy of a place with us in the long-term, and attempting to compete before our official announcement will be seen as a demerit.
> 
> Please enjoy the remainder of your time at home, or meeting your neighbors, before dinner.
> 
> - The Adin Diplomatic Mission Leadership:  
	Ambrosia, Harvey, Arthur,  
	Dio, Hector, Philip  
	Priscilla, Delilah, Ephraim,  
	Helen, Arianna, Paul,  
		Zeno & Tina -

Sarah looked over the names. There were 14 of them, and they were all really obvious aliases. The real names these people had were things like Cheyrin, Jurin, and Roman. Dio and Zeno might fit, but the rest all seemed like convenient covers.

She pulled out her diary and wrote the names down, and then added who she thought they really were:

Ambrosia, or Amber, is Aphrodite. Dio is Dionysus. Harvey is probably Hades. If I assume that most of the names tend to be similar in some way, Zeno is Zeus and Paul is Apollo, Tina is probably Athena, too. Helen would be Hera. Hector is probably a good cover for Ares, while Arthur is Hermes. By process of elimination, Ephraim is likely to be Hephaestus, Philip likely Poseidon, and Delilah is… Hestia? Demeter? Priscilla… not one of the twelve or Hades.

Hades?

Could she be Persephone?

This wasn’t going to help much, not yet. She’d have to meet these Emissaries and confirm her suspicions before she could start planning how to convince each of them that she was the only candidate they needed, and that she could be a goddess herself at their side.

She moved her luggage to her bedroom, then opened it to pick out the nicest outfit she owned. What she really had to do tonight was make a strong first impression, and without Chaz to help her get dressed and made up properly, she’d have to put in the time to look even more perfect than Hades already thought she was.

She undressed and walked into the bathroom, adjusting the water to give her a nice hot bath, and then setting up her toiletries and makeup around the sink as the tub filled up. Making sure everything was in place, Sarah felt ready for her real big debut.

Sarah slid herself gently into the tub. A good soak would leave her more radiant than anybody here expected.
