---
title: 5.01 - Aphrodite
---

Aphrodite had the unfortunate responsibility of overseeing the layout of the banquet hall for the welcoming dinner. It wasn’t that she hated hosting meals, by any means, it was more that she didn’t care to spend time with Demeter. There were several reasons for this distaste, but the biggest was that Demeter was obsessive in almost everything she did, and being assigned as secondary host meant that Aphrodite was, for this assignment, answering to her.

“No, no good… this table needs to be moved to the east,” Demeter muttered, holding out her hand and pushing the table in the desired direction. The grinding screech of the heavy wooden legs against the banquet hall’s floor made Amber shudder. “No, it’s still not right!”

“Could the problem be with something else?” Aphrodite was apprehensive to even ask, as Demeter got very sensistive about even the slightest perceived criticism of her or her work. “Perhaps the rest of the room is off?”

Demeter took a step back and looked to Aphrodite. Aphrodite let out a soft sigh. She was lucky enough to have a gentle enough touch to avoid displeasing Demeter, most of the time. “You’re right! Everything is wrong, Amber. These tables don’t match the floor, and this banquet calls for formal table dressings and settings, but we have to work within our means. We need tables from the classical era, our military banquet dressings will fit much better with that style!”

Spirits guide me, Aphrodite thought to herself. “Demeter, dear, we don’t have the time to see if enough of the old tables are in suitable condition for this banquet.”

“Delilah,” Demeter said, breathing heavily. “We have to use our aliases, Amber. I am Delilah, and we need classical tables. I know between the two of us, we can transform them all.”

“I don’t think the General would be happy with that,” Aphrodite said frowning a little bit. Demeter really was a perfectionist, and the thought of using enough energy to transform all of the tables here just to appease her would not only be a waste of resources allocated from the New Olympus, it would leave both of them too tired to properly host the banquet. “Look, I’m sorry to say it De…lilah, but we just need to get the job done well right now.”

Demeter frowned deeply at that. “I know that. I know all about doing things well, like when I did my job as a mother well Harvey…”

Aphrodite cleared her throat loudly as soon as she saw where this was going. “Don’t get wrapped up in the stories the humans tell,” she reminded her partner. “It’s been more than 5000 years, Delilah. Haven’t you actually spoken with your daughter about her husband, instead of just to her?”

“Priscilla would never do anything without asking me,” Demeter snapped out. “Not until he got involved.”

Aphrodite nodded and smiled. “Yes, love is a type of insanity. It changes people, even the ones we want to protect most.”

Demeter nodded, but kept rambling and waving her right hand about, rearranging the tables without letter herself get critical. This emotional state and empathy was exactly what Aphrodite had been hoping for. If she was too emotional, Demeter would get reckless. If she wasn’t emotional enough, she’d obsess over the present.

“Come to my office for a drink, Delilah. We’ll talk about how love changed our children.”

Demeter let out a heavy sigh as tears filled her eyes. “Thank you, Amber. I forget that you lost your son, too.”

“At least you still have your daughter,” she answered. The pain of her son’s murder was still great, and all her efforts to protect his daughter were things she could share with Demeter. “Delilah, why don’t you go on ahead to my office? You can pour us drinks, and I’ll finish tidying this all up. Just the way you want it.”

Demeter nodded. “Thank you, Amber. I’m sorry I lost my head, it’s just that the General doesn’t understand how important my design expertise is to this mission. She focuses on maneuvering the children, but forgets that their qualifications won’t matter if they don’t want to work with us. We need to make them feel welcome.”

“Let me worry about this dinner, Dem…lilah.” She cursed herself as she stumbled over the alias, but Demeter seemed to understand. “I promise, it will be my finest banquet since we’ve returned home, and I will meet you soon to share drinks and memories of when our children were all our own.”
