---
title: 5.02 - Dean
---

Dean had packed a nice outfit, and he knew he had to make a good impression, but there was just one problem: He had never quite mastered the art of wearing, let alone putting on, a tie. As far as he was concerned, he might as well be wearing a noose, but he wanted to look his best for this. He had even gone through the hassle of shaving, tying his mullet back into a ponytail, and using a lightweight gel to keep his bangs from getting too wild.

“Sorry mom, I should have asked you to pre-tie this,” he muttered as he fumbled with the silk strap that was supposed to be a tie. His suit looked slick, as it ought to since he’d only worn it once before, when he went to the prom. It was a mid-light blue in a color with a “s” or a “sh” sound near the start, and he wore a very pale blue, and very nearly white, shirt to go with it. The tie, in contrast, was crimson with alternating black and white stripes crossing diagonally.

He let out a heavy sign as the tie, once again, refused to secure itself. He was going to need help, but he didn’t want to ask Jurin for something so trivial, or to interrupt Sarah while she was getting ready. Still, after almost a dozen attempts, he was forced to admit defeat at the hands of the classic necktie.

He triple-checked to make sure he had grandpa Dean’s pocketwatch, his house keys, and the small notebook he’d bought in the airport store. He almost panicked when he realized he hadn’t selected a pen to use with the notebook, and then he scrambled to find the whole stationary and calligraphy set opa Art had gifted him for his birthday. It took a few minutes, but the whole set was in a handmade wooden box that opa had said he’d gotten from his father after the war.

The box was old, but it was in very good repair, and currently stocked with stationary that had a floral border on the left with a houndstooth pattern running down the side. He didn’t need all the stationary, but he did need one of the pens. After a moment, he picked a moderately fine-tipped pen with a lapis-coloured case and brass clip — good for jotting notes that were only meant for personal use, and he wasn’t too attached to this specific pen.

He heard a knock at his door as he slipped the pen, and a mechanical pencil, into his pocket. “Just a moment,” he shouted, grabbing his tie and closing his bedroom door as he headed to the front. Opening the door, his jaw dropped.

Sarah was standing there in a very nice purple satin dress with silver earrings that left an emerald dangling on each side of her face, drawing attention in and accentuating her hazel-green eyes. “Wow,” he said, blushing. “Uh, please come in.”

Sarah smirked an stepped inside. She seemed taller than she had earlier in the day, and as they got into the living room Dean was able to take in more details of her ensemble. First, he noticed that the dress was backless, and her skin was radiant and unblemished. She also was not wearing a bra that he could see. Then, as she turned to face him again, he saw that the dress covered her breasts, but left a window below and between them that further drew the eyes. The gown hung below her knees, but showed her shins and the high heels that accentuated her height and feet.

“I see you’re as speechless as Paul was,” Sarah said with a restrained, yet somehow cheerful, smile. “This was my Homecoming dress. Fitting for a Homecoming Queen, isn’t it?”

“It’s, wow. It’s just amazing,” Dean said, feeling his cheeks flush. If Sheena had worn something like this to either Homecoming or Prom, he might have done something very regrettable. “You look stunning, Sarah.”

“Unfortunately, I do need a little bit of help yet,” she said, raising her hands. “And it seems you are having trouble with your tie. So, Dean, is there any chance you can help me braid my hair in exchange for helping you with your tie?”

Dean nodded almost too eagerly. “Only if you don’t need anything too challenging,” he added as Sarah moved the armchair to the middle of the room. He had helped his cousin Tina a few times when she needed help preparing for dances, and could do simple braids, or a dutch braid.

“A basic three-strand should be fine,” Sarah said. “I know I don’t have my stylist to do anything fancy for tonight, but I do want it to stay out of my face.”

“I should be able to do that,” Dean said, setting his tie down on the table. He set to work, enjoying the soft, silky feel of her hair, and she had a floral scent he couldn’t quite place. “Your hair is a lot smoother than my cousin’s,” he commented idly.

“I put a lot of work into my appearance,” Sarah said flatly. “You already know how much I want power, and looking great is part of my strategy. So I work at it.”

Dean had heard enough of her internal plotting to know she was being fairly honest. He took his time to make sure the braid, even being simple, was as good as he could make it. Over and across, over and across. They talked a bit about nothing important — comfortable clothes, mostly — and before too long, Dean carefully finished off her braid with an elastic she handed him.

After going into the nearest bathroom to check her hair, Sarah returned with a smile. “It’s pretty good,” she said, he tone not quite matching the smile on her face. “If you practiced more, you could be great at this.” He shrugged, but she didn’t seem to be looking for a response. “Now let’s get this tie dealt with.”

She stood in front of him as she fussed with the tie for a moment, first undoing the whole attempt he’d made at it, and then looping it through the collar of his shirt and securing it with a knot that she made look easy. “Chaz always needed my help getting his ties on, too. You boys must feel like you’re tying a noose.” She laughed at her joke, and for the first time since he met her, Dean felt a hint of genuine enjoyment from her.

“So, Amber interrupted us earlier,” Sarah said with a smirk. “I believe I was about to demonstrate my hypnotic skills?”
