> To my favorite brother:
>
> Moshimoshi. I know, we're not on the phone, and I hope you get this e-mail. It's been a while since you left for your Japanese adventure, and I've been lonely. Andrew and Mark don't really get me, and Tina is, well, as awkward as ever. Why is she still living with mom and dad, do you remember? I guess it's not that important since she's heading to college this fall too. How is your journey going? Have you found anything interesting yet?
>
> I'm heading off to Angel Wing Island in the morning. Can't believe the only flight down to SF is at 6:30 AM... I'm gonna be tired even before jet-lag sets in. Lady Amber said I'll be meeting some other people there, and we'll all be competing to be added to their... diplomatic team, somehow? I'm not sure I really get the whole thing, and even with whatever translation technique she uses, it just comes out sounding like she wants me to become the leader of her diplomatic mission.
>
> Sorry. It's so late it's early. I probably won't get a wink of sleep tonight, since it's already like 3. Wait, 3? Better go raid the fridge for some more caffeine or start developing a taste for coffee... Well, it's late over there. Sorry to bother you, bro, I just... am so confused by all of this, but also excited and nervous. Don't worry about responding, I'm sure I won't have any internet once I get there.
>
> love from your twin: -Dean-

It was weird to be alone. Dean had always had Hunter at his side before, but now all they had was a 17 hour time difference and whatever that weird twin connection thing was. So now, all he had was his father, dropping him off at the airport before continuing to work. That suited Dean well enough. It wasn't that he disliked his family, but for the first time his dad seemed to be proud of him. Graduating with honors in English Composition, earning a scholarship to UC North, and planning to go into computer sciences all had his family very satisfied with him.

He got through check-in and proceeded to the terminal. He didn't have a lot to say, since he also had nobody to talk to. Today, he was flying to San Francisco, where he would transfer to a flight to some place called Angel Wing Island -- it didn't seem to have that name on any maps he'd been able to find, but he trusted the woman in his dreams who had arranged everything. After all, he certainly seemed to have developed some sort of psychic abilities under her tutelage, and this summer would let him focus on more training.

He flipped open the PDA his dad had given him for his birthday. He didn't know if he had an adapter to charge it with once he got there, and if the battery died, he'd just have to make do without. Either way, he didn't think he'd be keeping up on his emails this summer. His only real use for the device would be notes.

"Boarding at Gate 3 for San Francisco," came the announcement as Dean finished entering his first note on the PDA.

WHAT DOES SHE MEAN, "LEADER?"
