Sarah  put on her best face as she headed into the terminal. "No, mom, I don't need you to sit with me."

Her mother sighed, almost on the verge of tears. "I just want every minute I can with..."

"Mom! I'm fine," Sarah said with a firm tone in her voice. Her eyes rolled as her mother held her arms wide, seeking one last hug. "Fine," she grumbled, stepping back and giving her mother one last hug. A little exasperated, she added, "I... love you, mom."

Her mom was sobbing as she squeezed Sarah. "I just can't help but feel I'll never see you again. You'll always be my baby girl, even though I know you're all grown up, dear."

"Come on," Sarah protested vainly. "You know my flight isn't that far off... and besides." She took a deep breath and prized herself out of her mother's grip. "I promise I'll come home for Christmas."

Her mother finally seemed to relent at that. "Fine, dear. But i want you to call as soon as you leave that Alabaster place for home in December! And keep in touch! And don't forget to always be safe, find a nice strong guy who can..."

"Enough!" Sarah gritted her teeth together and almost growled. "Dearest mother," she began, pausing just long enough to see her mother's eyes go distant. "You trust me. You know I am always safe. You just focus on making sure Chaz does well in school, so he can join me next year and I can keep him safe. Do you understand, mother?"

A moment passed. "Yes, dear. I understand that Charles is the most important thing now."

Sarah smiled. Her brother was the only one she trusted. "Good. Now, mother, always remember that I love you and Chaz." She reached out and hugged her mother. This time, the returned hug was gentler. As she let go, she saw her mother's eyes refocus on her. "See you in December, mom."

"Of course, Sarah. You are going to knock them dead in that scholarship performance, and next year, I'm sure your brother will be glad to head off to UC North to be with his big sister." She seemed relieved. Sarah smiled, and her mother smiled too.

As her mother turned to head back out of the airport, Sarah checked her cell phone. It was something her father had insisted she have, but hardly anybody had her number. Paul was the only boy she had given it to, and he probably wasn't going to wish her a farewell after what she'd tried to do for him at the Spring Fling. Still, she decided to keep it on until her boarding call.

As she waited, she picked up her diary and started to write her plans in it. She already had old diary entries about the lady from her dreams who had been teaching he about her psychic abilities and invited her to this Angel Wing Island that nobody knew anything about. It was supposed to be a competition or something, but the only question that truly burned in Sarah's mind was:

WHAT DOES SHE MEAN, "LEADER?"
