San Francisco. It would be better if she had a day or two actually spend here, but there was a specially chartered flight waiting for her and, according to Lady Amber, the other candidates who were coming via the USA. If she could even make a few contacts here, she could get her career started faster after she finished college. Sure, it was no Los Angeles, but it was still a goo dplace to start her ambitions.

Amber hadn't told her how many people would be on the flight, but she had been greeted by a young woman with long pink hair when the flight from Detroit arrived. The girl hadn't introduced herself yet, but had led Sarah to the baggage claim. Apparently, this chartered flight didn't have an automatic transfer of luggage.

"Please wait here. I will get a luggage car," the girl said. Sarah shrugged and nodded. The girl was wearing some sort of cloak or overcoat, her pink hair seemed to stick out at odd angles from the loose ponytail it was tied into, and she was cute. Almost too cute, Sarah thought to herself. As she left Sarah's line of sight, Sarah turned to the luggage.

It took a while before the luggage started coming though, but Sarah's was hard to miss. A rich purple suitcase, the only one of its color, spilled into the conveyer, and Sarah grabbed it. As she turned to look for the chauffeur girl, she almost stumbled back onto the coveryer herself -- the girl was right behind her, and she hadn't heard, or sensed, a thing.

"All your luggage? I take on car," she said with a cheerful smile.  She gently took the suitcase, and Sarah's backpack, and placed them on the luggage cart. "To the lounge we reserved?"

"Um, yes. Please." This girl was quiet, and not just physically. She talked a little but strangely too. "So, where exactly are you from?"

"Atlantis," the girl answered. "I older than you look not?"

"Atlantis?" Sarah tried to compose her thoughts. "But Atlantis is a myth."

"Psychic powers also. Magic also. These questions are not?" The girl didn't hesitate to point out the other things Sarah had considered fairy tales and myth a few years ago. "Atlantis we go not. Angel's Wing our destination."

"Right, Angel Wing Island. So where is that, exactly?"

"Atlantis not. Above the sea."

Sarah stopped, and the girl in front of her did the same, almost immediately. "Sorry, I don't quite get it."

"Apology. Language box functions poorly, magic poorly from me."

Sarah stared at her. "You have a translation device? You're not good at magic?"

"Machine preference having," the girl said. "You magitech say." She started walking again and waved for Sarah to follow. "To lounge."

They walked a few minutes, and then they came to a lounge where two guards, a man and a woman, were standing by. The girl reached to her throat and tapped something near her collar, then spoke in a language Sarah couldn't understand. "Yi Mackenziehemlé nathahemlé. Kushi tomítu."

"Thank you," said one of the guards, a dark-haired female. Her uniform involved a long pleated dress with a thick sash around her waist. Sarah noticed that by all of her own standards, this woman was pretty and looked to be in charge. "Please update your translator badge or let Roman cast the spell on you before you pick up the two others."

"Techi duneyachi." The pink-haired girl seemed to respond stiffly to the woman and dragged the cart into the room.

"Shall I call you miss Mackenzie, or miss Sarah?" The woman looked Sarah over and nodded.

"Goddess," Sarah reflexively replied under her breath, then she raised her voice. "Sarah will be fine."

"Very well. Miss Sarah, Roman is our steward on this escort mission." The woman paused and gave a nod to the man at the other side of  "He's the man in uniform inside of this door, and if you need anything while we wait for the rest of our passengers and flight preparations, please let him know. Welcome to the Adin lounge. My name is Knight Captain Cheyrin Sonhir, and I will be ensuring that our whole party arrives safely at the Angel's Wing."

Sarah smiled a bit. Amber had said very little about their culture, but this almost seemed refreshing. "Thank you, ma'am. I'm Sarah Mackenzie, and I am honored to be in your hands for this journey."

Cheyrin smiled very slightly. "Your manners are a credit," she said. "Please go inside and enjoy yourself, miss Sarah."
