---
title: Guarn’s Journal (2026 Edition)
tags:
characters:
aliases:
  - Guarn’s Journal (2026 Edition)
story: "[[Refresh Stories/Journey of a Knight/Guarn's Journal (2026)/Index|Guarn's Journal (2026)]]"
linter-yaml-title-alias: Guarn’s Journal (2026 Edition)
---

# Guarn’s Journal (2026 Edition)

## 2. Purchases

As I stepped out of the den, I let out a deep yawn. I don’t know why the morning light makes me feel so tired, but going outdoors always makes it worse. We live near the edge of Karishé, in a traditional den. We’re farmers, after all, responsible for some of the biggest fields west of the walls. But we’re Gramurn, too. We are hunters, and I’ve been training with the striders since my first kill.

I don’t want to be stuck on the farm. I want to travel the world. So of course I’ll help my friends with their journey to the east. I’ve learned the gamelands, the pasturelands, and the desert around us. I’ve studied the maps and the woodlands, though I’ve never been to the dense woodlands before.

As I walk to the market, I hear the voice before he sees me. Tomodak, my best friend! Can I get myself behind him before he realizes? Well, there’s only one way to know!

I slow my pace, stepping softly. His ears are more sensitive than they look, so I need to be very quiet to sneak up on him. But it’s nothing unfamiliar to a hunter. I breathe smoothly. Calmly.

“The last spool was half the price,” Tomodak grumbled out to the merchant. “Why is it so expensive now?”

“Well, there’s been a uptick in demand,” the merchant said with a sly feline smile. One of the Elressie traders. A pair of glass lenses rested before his eyes as he held up the spool. “Besides, you arrre quite a young man, good customer. Do your parrrents approve of you leaving the walls at night?”

“I am an adult,” Tomodak said flatly, though I could hear the undertone of anger.

I stepped closer while he was focused on the deal. I saw the eyes of the merchant shift to me and I lunged, wrapping my forepaws around Tomodak’s face, covering his eyes. “Who’s got your back?”

Tomodak growled at first, but as soon as he recognized my voice it shifted to laughter. “Guarn! My oldest friend!”

The merchant knocked his own knuckles on the stall. “Sirrrs, I see you are friendly, but please, we are haggling, arrre we not?”

“Haggling?” I said, releasing my friend’s eyes. “I don’t know that my friend is sociable enough to recognize that. Tell me, what’s the price you want?”

Tomodak’s cheeks grew dark as I spoke, but it was a tactical embarrassment. I would apologize later. The merchant needed my attention. “6 daimos,” the merchant answered.

“I see. That does seem high if the last spool my holy friend purchased was half as much.” I took a breath. “Do we really need another spool, friend?”

His eyes shifted to the side as he said, “Better to be prepared than needy.”

“I see, yes. Well, merchant-sami, I can respect your need for money. And your obviously low supply, but we two rookie adventurers simply can’t afford six daimos.”

“Then you can’t afford a sparrre,” the merchant snapped, looking us over.

“I can definitely pay three daimos,” Tomodak said. “I just don’t see why a roll of silver thread should cost six times its own weight.”

“I understand the work that goes into producing such a fine material,” I said. “But my friend is right. This is a survival good, not for woven inlays. 3 daimos.”

The merchant looked us over and narrowed his slitted eyes. “I suppose I do already have more on order… I could let this one go for 5 daimos.”

“Five, five?” I paused and held out my bare forepaw. “Unlike you, I cannot count this high so easily. Four daimos for my four fingers, and I will count you as a good friend.”

There was a moment of tension in the air. Thick like incense, or a block of lard. “Fine, my good frrriend. Four daimos, but you are stealing my lunch. As friends you understand the debt of such a deal.”

“Naturally,” I said, taking a deep breath. I reached into my purse and pulled out two coins. Glancing over them quickly, I slid them into my open palm, offering them to the merchant. “With a three and a one, our business is settled, yes?”

I love my dear friend, but for all the confidence he has, he struggles with the niceties of market transactions. The merchant took the coins and handed me the spool. I passed the purchase on to Tomo, and then we proceeded on our way.

## Navigation

- ${\leftarrow}$ [Previous Chapter](prior-chapter.md)
- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
