---
tags:
characters:
aliases:
  - Guarn’s Journal (2026 Edition)
story: "[[Refresh Stories/Journey of a Knight/Guarn's Journal (2026)/Index|Guarn's Journal (2026)]]"
title: Guarn’s Journal (2026 Edition)
linter-yaml-title-alias: Guarn’s Journal (2026 Edition)
---

# Guarn’s Journal (2026 Edition)

## 1. Mornings

I hate the morning. My siblings say I’m like a feralist, the way I prefer the night. But for Tomo and Jésen, I’ll try. I’ve checked the fire in our den, the meat from last night is getting very tender. The bones are coming out of the pot naked, too. I’ll just have a small bite before I get my things ready.

A spear. A bow. The hooded cloak I was given after my first kill on the hunt. I won’t be wearing it during the day unless I want to dry myself out, of course. It’s going to be a hot day, and any gramurn worth their spit would rather stay still and cool until the sun goes down…

So maybe I’m not worth my spit. Or maybe my friends are worth more than my spit? Tomo has been my friend since we started school. There’s almost nothing I wouldn’t do for him. Jésen has been my friend since that first day Tomo brought him over to play cross in the schoolyard. We were on opposite teams, but he was good. too good to believe he hadn’t played before.

But not good enough at talking to make normal friends. Not back then, at least.

I finished preparing a bowl of pulled meat and broth, and took a deep breath. It was only right to thank the animal for providing another meal, so I dropped to my haunched, bowed my head, and thought the prayer of the feast.

I looked to the skypaper windows and saw that it was very bright out. I slurped the broth and devoured the portion of meat and vegetables. Then I headed out for the market. I was going to need good arrows and a new net. After all, nanri had warned me against taking the pack’s equipment on this trip, but I had been working hard and saving my money. I’ve saved nearly a gilden in daimos coins, and it’s time to show my new pack how generous I am.

## Navigation

- ${\leftarrow}$ [Previous Chapter](prior-chapter.md)
- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
