---
tags:
characters:
aliases:
  - Guarn’s Journal (2026 Edition)
story: "[[Refresh Stories/Journey of a Knight/Guarn's Journal (2026)/Index|Guarn's Journal (2026)]]"
title: Guarn’s Journal (2026 Edition)
linter-yaml-title-alias: Guarn’s Journal (2026 Edition)
---

# Guarn’s Journal (2026 Edition)

## 3. Making Camp

The day was eventful. Jésen was spiraling into obsessive control. Tomodak was trying to replace Jésen’s fears. As we ate the wrapped pies for lunch, I took stock and became the mediator of the two as usual. “It is true we must be prepared for days we cannot, or fail to, hunt, Tomo. But these ration packs will accumulate, and we are carrying all of our good on ourselves, Jésen. Perhaps we can simply choose a smaller number of rations, and you can trust in us to keep the water and fresh food.”

Tomodak agreed readily, but it took some time, and my skills of negotiation, to get Jason down to a more reasonable 7 days of rations each. We washed our hands of lunch, and prepared the kit for our dry run. Soon we were off on the road.

Daylight travel is so different from nighttime. It’s harder to see the movements of prey, for one thing. Oh, grasses rustle, but the warmth is missing, and that is why we hunt at night most of the time.

I stopped several times to point out plants useful for survival. The mallepip can be found in clusters near places where prey animals defecate. It shows the soil is recovering, but more importantly, it shows that there is moisture nearby if it is healthy. It is a thirsty plant, and has shallow roots, so it will wither in only a few days if there is no water nearby.

The leyroot only grows along the top of elemental leystreams, and if it is blue, you can draw water from the petals with a light magical pressure. It won’t generate enough to last a day, but if you follow the water leystream you are bound to find a spring or stream.

We reach a good camping site after several hours. It’s an elevated part of the pasturelands, with a good view out over the land. I’ll dig the firepit, and the other necessary pits for our expedition. Once Tomo gets back with the wood, I’ll start the fire and prepare our dinner.

I’ll also take the watch until the end of the dark hour. If we survive that, we should be fine for the rest of the night.

Guarn Waila Errukxan, Wildstrider  
358, Nernemesen, 40  
Karishé Pasturelands

## Navigation

- ${\leftarrow}$ [Previous Chapter](prior-chapter.md)
- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
