---
tags: 
characters: 
aliases: [Story Title]
story:
title: Story Title
linter-yaml-title-alias: Story Title
---

# Story Title

## 4. Late Watch

I stoked the fire carefully as Guarn headed into the tent. Not because I can see nothing, but so that I can see more clearly and check the wards. And the thread. We were lucky.

I don’t think I slept well. Not poorly, but… it was difficult. I want to trust my work, but there is good cause for this dry run. I believe tomorrow night will be easier.

I regret turning Jésen aside earlier. I was concerned with my own preparations and precision. Perhaps tomorrow I’ll ask him for help in re-setting the thread, as it only requires a steady hand. Besides, he won’t be setting the tent up, so our evening preparations will be more relaxed.

The problem with a watch is that there’s so little to do. My mind turns back the pages of my life, reminding me of the legacy of my adoptive father, or more importantly, the legacy of the son whose hammer I was given. Anedhar, a great hero of the Adin, who died in a war long before they came to us. A noble warrior, a man, but often described like Thrk’urna, the god who carries the world on his back.

I’m an Ork, not an Adin. But my parents died when I was young. And then Aldhen came through Torkdÿr. A great Messenger who once came from the skies. And he saw me, and offered his hand.

I am of two worlds. The world of my people, and the world of Karishé, of the Adin. I have lived hard in the rocky hills around Torkdÿr, slept on the roads before. It’s a challenge, and after these years of living in a great welathy home… camping feels both unfamiliar and strangely familiar.

---

The watch was peaceful. The golden edge of dawn is approaching. I should take a nap now that the undead are settling.

## Navigation

- ${\leftarrow}$ [Previous Chapter](prior-chapter.md)
- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
