---
tags:
characters:
aliases:
  - Tomodak’s Journal (2026 Edition)
story: "[[Refresh Stories/Journey of a Knight/Tomodak's Journal (2026)/Index|Tomodak's Journal (2026)]]"
title: Tomodak’s Journal (2026 Edition)
linter-yaml-title-alias: Tomodak’s Journal (2026 Edition)
---

# Tomodak’s Journal (2026 Edition)

## 1. Preparations

Ignorance. It must be bliss.

Jésen is not ignorant of the dangers of the desert. But perhaps he is too aware? The desert is not as lifeless as he may think, and between myself and Guarn there ought to be little danger of running out of food or water. Even in the heat we’re facing, it’s summer, not winter. Animals will not be slumbering, and between Guarn’s knowledge and my own, we can use the animals and plants of the Jargyn to find water between oases.

He would have us each carry a child’s weight of food from the first day, just to be safe, and more water than is reasonable. I will always support him, but this need for excess confuses me.

“You won’t need those,” I told him as he was counting out a mass of rationed foods wrapped in skypaper. “At least not so much. Guarn and I are good enough hunters.”

“Better prepared than needy,” he muttered.

I took a deep breath at that. It’s difficult to argue with him sometimes. So, I moved to the table where he had mapped out our route. It is not a route following the main roads. He has insisted we should not travel too easily, and I can agree with challenging ourselves, but I do worry about how far off the main routes we’ll be at times.

While Jason visits his master, I’ll go get the final supplies I need. Perhaps a spare spool of silver thread would be worth investing in. It can be fragile, and will be our first line of defense against the spirits and corpses at night.

“I’ll see you both for lunch,” Jésen said as he headed out. “We’re heading out after we eat, right?”

That’s right. I’ll need to find Guarn while I’m out too. Not that I think he’d miss lunch, but perhaps he can help me convince Jésen to cut back on the amount of rations he’ll insist on bringing.

## Navigation

- ${\leftarrow}$ [Previous Chapter](prior-chapter.md)
- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
