---
tags:
characters:
aliases:
  - Tomodak’s Journal (2026 Edition)
story: "[[Refresh Stories/Journey of a Knight/Tomodak's Journal (2026)/Index|Tomodak's Journal (2026)]]"
title: Tomodak’s Journal (2026 Edition)
linter-yaml-title-alias: Tomodak’s Journal (2026 Edition)
---

# Tomodak’s Journal (2026 Edition)

## 3. Morale

Dinner was good. For rations, that is. The roots were fresh. The meat was from our ration packs. And Guarn even used some of the fruits to make a sauce. Better than anything I ate as an orphan.

I decided to try and get Jésen into the spirit of genuine survival, not just preparation. I set a bit of my own savings into a pot. Six daimos to be split between anybody who can get us good meat. Two shares to whoever gets the biggest. I could see his reluctance, but Jésen did agree. He threw in another six. Skeptical, I’m sure, but it’s something. Then Guarn let out a barking laugh and grinned like a feral wolf.

“I’ll double you up,” he said with a booming voice. “I’ll match both of your wagers, and Sara’s if she joins the pool too.”

Jésen laughed at that. I laughed when I saw the mood was genuine. “I’ll pay out double if you win, Jés. Don’t assume we’ll starve, try to find us something worthy of the trip!”

I know my friend’s resolve. He’s looking for something. Something big, something meaningful. A legacy, perhaps. Why else would we be heading to the Orìnthe Mountains where they say that dragon is nesting? And if he thinks he can find something to make a legacy…

Maybe I can find something to support my own.

I can tell the undead are stirring outside. Guarn insisted on taking the watch until after the dark hour ends. As long as we survive that, we should be fine all night. But it wouldn’t hurt to do one last check on my wards.

Tomodak Ognar  
358, Nernemesen 40  
Karishé Flatlands

## Navigation

- ${\leftarrow}$ [Previous Chapter](prior-chapter.md)
- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
