---
tags: 
characters: 
aliases: [Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)]
story:
title: Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)
linter-yaml-title-alias: Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)
---

# Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)

## 6. Exhaustion

It was too hot today! I don’t know how that wolf bastard Guarn can act like he’s not worn out by the heat, his fur _must_ be hotter than my leathers! And Tomo running around with those enviable pecs and abs. Okay, I get it, they’ve both been training longer than me, but this was probably the worst day of my life since Darmi took me in.

Still, we were able to catch a few hares. Guarn sent Tomo back to skin and dress them for dinner while he showed me how to forage for roots and local flowers for flavor. That always sounded so easy, but it’s not as easy as I thought. We aren’t even in the desert yet, and it’s hard to find a lot of edibles.

But we found enough. Along with the ration bread, we’ll have an even better meal tonight, and Guarn swears that tending it properly over the embers will make an even sweeter breakfast.

I should keep working on the staff. But I’m just too tired after all of that. I think I should nap until food is ready.

---

I couldn’t sleep. I was too tired to do anything for a while, but when I went out, Tomo asked me to help secure the silver thread again. We need to keep it taut to form the barrier against the undead, and it tends to get loose when people are walking around and over it all day. A single snap would be disastrous.

So I walked the perimeter. Checked the tension in the silver threads. Noted the other wards Tomo put up yesterday. There were some holy symbols made of silver or sacred woods. One I didn’t recognize. “Thrk’urna,” Tomodak explained. “Our god of might and power. He wielded a hammer of dense stone that could split the earth and the heavens, but when he isn’t fighting, it’s his job to carry the world in its course.”

I nodded slowly. “So the ward is like asking him to carry the undead away?”

Tomodak shook his head. “It’s more of a final defense. May we have the strength to survive if all the other wards fail us. For someone obsessed with legends, you don’t seem to know much outside of your father’s people. And Ferindilb.”

I sighed. “Well, I suppose he’s more interested in what makes a good story or song,” I said. “The Silver Dragon. The Silver Stag. Kitasha Lorébach. Even ancestral stories like Hyrafis, the hero of their old world.”

“Mmm,” Tomodak muttered. “Don’t forget you aren’t the only one adopted by an Adin. Papa told me so many stories about Anedhar, you know? Sometimes I feel like I need to live up that legacy.”

“I don’t have a legacy,” I admitted. “But I get it. I know how many people think Darmi was crazy for taking me in. How hard it’s been to fit in.”

Tomodak placed a hand on my shoulder. “That’s why we get along so well. Guarn is my best friend before you, but he grew up with his mother’s pack. We’re both orphans. So let’s hold each other up until the world can see our worth.”

I smiled and reach to take his hand, clasping it firmly. “Yeah. Orphans stand together. That will be our strength.”

---

Dinner was better than last night. Guarn didn’t let us waste anything except the small bones, but even that was an offering to the spirits. He asked us to take watch shifts tonight, so he wouldn’t sleep all morning again. I got the short straw, so my watch is first. I’m just checking in to confirm we survived the day. I won’t have the light to make a final record after my watch, and I’ll need the sleep anyhow.

Jésen Nait, Neim Anentir  
358, Nernemesen 41  
Karishé Flatlands

## Navigation

- ${\leftarrow}$ [Previous Chapter](prior-chapter.md)
- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
