---
tags:
characters:
aliases:
  - Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)
  - Day 1, Entry 1 (Jason)
story: "[[Refresh Stories/Journey of a Knight/Jason's Journal (2026)/Index|Jason's Journal (2026)]]"
title: Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)
linter-yaml-title-alias: Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)
---

# Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)

## 1. Preparations

The heat is unbearable, but I still feel better wearing leathers over my tunic. I know today is just a practice run, but I can’t help but worry about Nethan trying to follow us out onto the road. Even though he’s my elder brother, he acts more like a child than I do at times. But, I need to make it clear to him before the new month breaks, this is a journey for myself. I want to prove my own strength and endurance.

I’ve been trying to plan rations for the journey. A pound of dried food for each of us per day should give us the necessary nutrients, and I know we’re heading into an inhospitable desert that is only a few hours east of Karishé. Tomodak gave me the side eye as I counted the hard bundles of skypaper-wrapped rations.

“You won’t be needing those with me and Guarn along,” he told me earlier. “Leastways not so many.”

But isn’t it better to have more than I need? I’ve been training my endurance, my understanding of how much to drink and how often, how to survive hiking on restricted food. But I’ve _been_ in the Jargyn desert before, years ago. I nearly dried myself to death back then, and only really know what happened from stories Sara and Darmi have shared.

My course, our course, is already planned. Sara will be on a break from her studies, and I’d never want her to starve or suffer like I did in those first days. We need to ensure we’ve plenty of food and water for the entire journey, and so for tonight, tomorrow and it’s night, and the day after, Tomo and I are testing out camping gear.

We need to be certain it will hold up during the dark hour, after all.

## Navigation

- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
