---
tags: 
characters: 
aliases: [Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)]
story:
title: Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)
linter-yaml-title-alias: Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)
---

# Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)

## 5. Slow Morning

Guarn slept most of the morning. It’s fine today, since we’re not really hiking out further, but I’m still frustrated. It made the morning too quiet. I did my forms. I studied some of the local plants, and worked on my carving.

I reviewed some of the legends of the area. That’s my real passion, stories and seeking the truths hidden or buried within them. But studying legends doesn’t get me out on my own, it’s a noble hobby, not a practical one. But I suppose I can make some notes on one of the stories I reviewed.

### The Legend of Kitasha

About a century ago there was an Adin Knight named Kitasha. She was a celebrity who originally hailed from the mainland, Vérnalorn. She fought in the international arena, a sword dancer who blended fire and lightning into her performance. She was assigned to a vampire hunt here on Atrusia, north of us around Zembrald. She was bold enough to try to fight her target during the dark hour.

But as we all know, the dark hour empowers the tainted spirits of the undead. It’s said that Kitasha fought a vampiress known as Vimora. And it’s said the battle ended in a bittersweet tragedy. Vimora struck, some versions say to turn Kitasha to her side, others say she sought to kill the Knight. Regardless, her strike was true and her fangs closed on the neck of Kitasha, as Kitasha’s mithral spear pierced the cold, black heart of the vampiress. But Kitasha had been preparing a vial of blessed water, and while it was raised over her head, it fell on them both, engulfing Vimora in silver flames and burning her to ash.

But when morning came, Kitasha fell into a deep slumber from which she would not wake. The people tried to rouse her, feeling the faintest beating of her heart and seeing the faint movement of her chest. But when she did not stir, they carried her to the temple, where a medical acolyte tended to her body until nightfall.

The acolyte was found in bloodied robes the next morning, and Kitasha has never been seen since, except in rumours and shadows. The people report that she was turned by Vimora and became a vampiress herself, and that the only trace of her was the vials of blessed water she threw from her belt in the temple.

### My Thoughts

Is there truth to this?

Well, it is true that Kitasha Lorébach was a well known Knight in the international arena around this time. She had a hatred of the undead, and readily accepted missions to hunt them down. Zembrald was scourged by a band of undead.

It’s likely that Kitasha would have accepted a mission to fight the leader of the undead around Zembrald. But it’s unclear what truly happened. I personally believe that if the people suspected her of being a vampire in the sunsleep, they would have burned her. But if they believed she was simply gravely wounded? They may well have taken her to the temple.

But the legends say she was unresponsive. That suggests the people should have suspected the sunsleep. They should have suspected she was turned, and either killed or imprisoned her. Silver threads, wards, even a head of garlic hanging over her should have rendered a newly turned vampire safe until they could verify if she was exhausted or turned.

And while they’re rare, some tales claim she returned home to Vérnalorn and was sent into the Outcast Caverns, an isolated part of the underground only accessible through teleportation.

One last point of truth, though: She never did return to the arena. So something must have happened to her, however accurate the legends of her battle are in other areas.

Guarn is calling me now. He says we need to be ready to hunt in the desert, and it must be time to go seeking some local game.

## Navigation

- ${\leftarrow}$ [Previous Chapter](prior-chapter.md)
- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
