---
title: Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)
tags:
characters:
aliases:
  - Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)
  - Day 1, Entry 2 (Jason)
story:
linter-yaml-title-alias: Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)
---

# Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)

## 2. Camping

The hike out to our campsite took about three hours. Guarn took the lead, acting as our our scout and wayfinder. We need to be in the practice of filling our roles, after all, as none of us have truly been on any quest before. We’re all rookies, after all. Sara isn’t even quite finished with her studies, but she’s joining us during the break in her magic school.

Guarn says that I’m underestimating the amount of food in the desert. He always takes Tomo’s side, but I suppose that’s to be expected. They knew each other before I knew how to speak with them. Even still, he agreed it’s better to bring more rations than we hope to need. He’s not that bad.

Before we headed out, I did have one last lesson with my sword master. He complimented by forms, but I feel like he was hiding something. I know I’m unproven. Duelling lessons aren’t the same as combat, I get that, but I’m confident I’ll be ready for the real thing. Not that I have any intention of rushing into my first battle.

Guarn did stop a few times, to make sure we knew some of the signs of water. Plants that have shallow roots or that wilt if there’s not enough water underground. He’s never really gone deep into the desert, but he’s confident we’ll be able to survive.

## Navigation

- ${\leftarrow}$ [Previous Chapter](prior-chapter.md)
- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
