---
tags: 
characters: 
aliases: [Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)]
story:
title: Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)
linter-yaml-title-alias: Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)
---

# Jason’s Journal (2026 Edition)

## 3. Evening Reflections

It’s the end of the day now. I set up our tents. Tomo got the firewood and prepared a perimeter of silver thread around the camp site. Guarn started the firepit and made us a simple meal of fried roots and semi-dried meat. Not exactly our travel rations, but a satisfying meal. I’ll rely on Guarn for the cooking.

I mean, anybody can make a passable meal on the road. I can make a decent meal in a kitchen. But Guarn knows more about dressing and sauces and how to build a dish, even in a relatively rough environment. I couldn’t have made these wild roots and meat taste so good without a kitchen.

Tomo is placing some extra wards around the camp. It won’t be long before the undead start to wake, so we need to be sure we’re laying our defenses well before the dark hour hits. I offered to help, but he insisted he would be fine. I think he takes his duties as a holy warrior too seriously sometimes.

But then he does something like the bet. A bet pool on finding a big kill, good meat, in the desert. 6 daimos to enter. Just a small wager among friends. Paid out when we reach Orìnthe, there’s a chance none of us come out ahead or behind. It will keep us all on our toes at least. Guarn already doubled the bid, which seems too confident for me, but brings the pool to 24 daimos. I wonder if Sara will join the pool…

When we leave, I don’t intend to return without proving myself. They say there’s a dragon’s hoard in the Mountains of Orìnthe, and rumors that it contains legendary arms and armor abandoned by the Semeric who used to live in the area. Some even claim that there are traded gifts from the Adin in the area. Bringing home even a single one of them would prove I belong. That I’m not just some fool’s dream, that… that I was worth Darmi’s time and effort.

I wonder if it will be enough to earn me a knighthood.

I’m going to sign off now and work on carving one the staves my lumbersmith master assigned me. If adventuring doesn’t work out, at least I have the steady hand for wood carving. And if I work hard, maybe the staves will even be good for sale or trade when I return to Karishé.

Jésen Nait, Neim Anentir  
358, Nernemesen 40  
Karishé Flatlands

## Navigation

- ${\leftarrow}$ [Previous Chapter](prior-chapter.md)
- [Next Chapter](following-chapter.md) ${\rightarrow}$
