# AA358.10.27
## Journal Entry 23 (Jason Knight)

I awoke early this morning. I saw Myrlinn coming toward our camp, so I grabbed my shield and hailed him. He responded to my hail, and raised a Gloworb. As the others were beginning to wake, he arrived. As we ate morning meal, he explained about his quest, and asked if he could accompany us. We agreed.

We wait at the cave entrance. Thor is the only one here who seems to be at all nervous. I chose him to accompany me into the cave, and he (reluctantly) agreed.

## The Dragon’s Lair

Jason was the first to arrive at the cavern entrance. A moment later, the others arrived. Jason said, “Here we stand at the entrance to the Dragon’s lair. If any of you have any fears, voice them now or hold forever your peace.”

Almost cowardly, his voice shaking so much, Thor asked, “What if the dragon eats us?”

To this, Jason replied, “Well Thor, that would seriously alter our plans. Are there any other fears?” The group was silent, except for the slight clatter as Rachel dropped her roadstick so she could take Kirora’s scroll case. This action, however, went completely unnoticed. Jason now said, “Thor and I shall go in first.” Then, he took off the ring Rachel had given him, and gave it to Sara, whispering to her, “If we haven’t returned in ninety minutes, lead the group from the mountain. Give this ring to Dar, and tell him to wear it in remembrance of me. Fare thee well, my love.” He then gently kissed her cheek and said to the entire group, “Fare thee well, my friends.”

As he and Thor journeyed, no questions were asked about what had happened just outside the entrance. As in so many other cases, Thor was the only one who had known Jason’s true goal, intent, or problem. He understood quite well how Jason felt towards Sara, and accepted it. They quickly reached an enormous cavern, on each side of which there was a pile of treasures. On the pile nearer the right wall, slept a dragon with bright, reflective scales. As they entered, it woke and said, in English, “Bring to us your companions.”

Jason returned to the entrance, and said, “Come all. We are welcome here.”

Sara embraced him and whispered in his ear, “Thanks for coming back alive.”

Jason and Sara walked alongside each other. As they neared the cavern, Myrlinn and Buzz stopped. Myrlinn said, “The prophecy of Elendail rings in our minds. We can go no further.” Jason nodded, and the group entered the cavern.

The Dragon spoke in the Elvish tongue, “Enter, Elves. I invite you.” The elves then entered, and the Dragon cast the spell Mass Tongues. Then it said, “I shall grant each of you 2 wishes. Myrlinn the Mage, for what do you wish?”

“My only wishes are to live a life as long as a normal elf, and yet to retain the wisdom of a Star Elf. Can you grant that?” Myrlinn asked, skeptically.

“It is done. Kirora Lightseer, what do you wish?”

“I want to be fully A’din, and to retain my knowledge of the undead. That is all that I want.” she said.

“Given. Buzz Kozmo, your wish?”

Buzz said goodbye to the group, and then said, “My wishes are exactly two. First I wish my sword repaired, secondly I wish Kirora and myself back home.” Instantly, he found himself and Kirora in a clearing in the middle of a forest, next to an axe, from which hung a bat.

“Yas. I’m me again, Yas.” Kirora said, jumping around the clearing. But let us finish the story of Jason Knight. “Rachel Baggins, what are your wishes?” the Dragon said.

“My wishes are that my Uncle Frodo understand me, and that I had a Cloak of Invisibility.” she replied.

“The first I cannot grant, young thief, the second however, lies in my hoard. Take from my hoard the cloak you see, for it is the very cloak you seek.” the Dragon replied. “Now Pollock Sonhir, what are your wishes?”

“I wish for medical knowledge, such as was possessed by my father, and for the healing of all who are currently in the Olympian Adventurer’s Hospital.” he said. “I would wish for nothing more than that were I as young as Rachel, only for those 2 things.”

“They are granted. Thkrognitkrnak, for what do you wish?”

Thor replied, “I want the Armor of Thor, if it yet exists. Also, I want to see other worlds. Those are all I truly want.”

“Those are wishes I cannot grant. Thor’s Armor was crushed in the vacuum of space, but I promise that one day new worlds you’ll see. Jedediah Nighthawke, I grant thee a name. But what now do you wish for?”

He said, “All I want for Christmas* is a magic weapon and some magic armor. Would those, by any chance, be granted as gifts from your hoard?”

“Ay, that they would, and take them now, Sir Nighthawke, Paladin. One day with these, great things you’ll do, now, Sara Johnson, what’s your wish?”

“I wish for knowledge beyond my years, and a ring, any magic ring will do.”

“Take any one of the rings from my hoard, and the knowledge is also yours. Sir Jason Knight of Atrusia, what are your wishes?”

“My wishes are fishes,” Sir Jason said, almost as if reading a poem, “I wish to know my past, and I wish for the sword of Herakles. For that alone did I start my quest, and shall not be done till it I’ve seen. My past is shrouded in mystery, I only wish you would reveal it to me.”

“Well spoken, good Sir Knight, I see that you have learned my mystery. I speak in verse, and rhyme all day, I seek for one with whom to play. Riddles are my game of choice, but no one yet has had the voice. I grant you the Sword, tis in my hoard, as for your past, that must come last. Raised on Earth, with parents dead, the government would not see you dead. They raised you in Project: Colony, and sent you here, and you now see. The truth of your past is seldom heard, but all along it’s been a bird. Seen then lost, but now tis caught, the winter frost helped all a lot. Now you must go, but take your sword, for to lose to a foe, you can’t afford. Goodbye, Sir Knight, Thor Odinson, Sara and Howoo, one day our paths again will cross, *un zulph di ferron dien koss*.“ This last part means, ‘One day our paths again will cross’, but that is what they heard, because at that time, the Mass Tongues spell wore off.

After the Dragon finished this rhyme, the group immediately found themselves in their proper homes. Rachel at the inn, Pollock next door to the Hospital, and Thor and Howoo in the Orcish village. Jason and Sara found themselves together at her parents home, and:

“There did they announce their plan,
The marriage of these two was near at hand.”

  
  

Journal Entry 24 Sir Jason Knight of Atrusia

  

After our encounter with the Silver Dragon, Sara and I found ourselves in Sara’s parents’ home. We told them that which would become the course of destiny. 

  

Sir Jason Knight of Atrusia

  

excerpt from the A’din poem “Both Heroes and Lovers, Now Dead they Lay”

written by Nathan King in the year 800 A.A.

  

A wedded pair, of Mage and Knight

Two humans, and in Hero’s Light.

The course of Herakles they chose

Was not an easy task, Lord knows.

Yet still they met with ev’ry task,

and failing was for both their last.

  

Both heroes and lovers, now dead they lay

To never again see the light of day.

  

28/10/358

Journal Entry 25 Sir Jason Knight

  

Today is the day of our marriage. Everyone we invited has arrived. Dirt, Buzz, Kirora, Rachel, Frodo, Myrlinn and Pollock all showed up. Yesterday, Dar gave me a suit of Chainmail. “Boy, you wear this in the wedding, but not anywhere else. It’s got about as much defensive value as a cotton shirt. All the enchantment on it is a Shiny cantrip.” A couple days ago, I made the gemstones for our rings, a ruby for me and a diamond for her. I used the Crystalize spell on some sand to make them, then I gave them to the town jeweler so he could make us the rings. Dumas Irongaze, the jeweler, got the rings done last night, and they are beautiful. I must go now, it is time for the wedding.

  

Sir Jason Knight