# AA358.09.40
## Journal Entry 1 (Jason Knight)

My leather vest is a refreshing change from the cotton shirts I’ve had to wear lately. When Nathan first showed up last night, I was relieved to have it back. Now, however, I am getting annoyed with the way he always follows me around. Today, I’m telling him to leave Thor and I alone on our journey. My first planned stop is at Dirt Ironbreaker’s home. He told me, through a messenger, that he would give me a suit of leathermail if I got to his place within 2 weeks. Now, I’ve left home and am searching for a legend. After I meet Dirt, I’ll head southeast, towards the Olympus Mountains. According to legend, the Sword of Herakles, which once belonged to Zeus’ most famous half-human son, is hidden in a lost part of the Olympic cave system. It just happens to fit in with my best interest, however, that rumors say that the Silver Dragon has been spotted nesting in the mountains. All the people I know, except Thor, believe that my quest is to find the Silver Dragon, when in reality, I seek the Sword of Herakles. Now it is time to break camp, and leave my family behind. Thor promised meat by the time we sight Dirt’s cave, and I bet him 20 silvers that he wouldn’t find enough meat to feed a cave rat in that time. Still, when I get back to Colonia, maybe I’ll have a staff or two of high enough quality to sell for some coppers, after all, I am training to be a lumbersmith. Thor and I will not return to this side of the continent until we have at least seen Herakles’ Sword.

Jason Knight

[Next: AA358.09.41](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.09.41.md)
