# AA358.10.06
## Journal Entry 9 (Jason Knight)
[Previous: AA358.10.05](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.05.md)

Our meeting with Ranger Kozmo yesterday leaves me sure that Kirora will show up once again in my journey. All morning I have been studying my magic, and have learned to transmute dirt to water. This spell will be very useful, since there are very few oases from here until the mountains. Someone is knocking on the door, and Dirt is yelling at me to get it. I wonder who’s at the door.

It was Jedediah. He offered to go ahead of Thor and I, to get equipment ready for us when we get to Olympia. He also gave me a package with 3 books. They were entitled, The Wizard of Oz, Alice in Wonderland, and Through the Looking Glass, and What Alice Found There. Inside the cover of The Wizard of Oz was a note from Sara saying,

> “Hi Jason,
> 
> Wish I could be there, but my studies are keeping me in Colonia. Lorelei is teaching me about mental magic, and Zoma is teaching me about elemental magic. My parents say hi, and I miss you. Don’t do anything too dangerous, because I want you back in one piece. My parents asked why you didn’t take me on your journey, and I told them that it was because my studies were keeping me very busy. Oh, by the way, I found something I know you’ll like. Copy the scroll attached to this note into your spellbook and consider it a birthday present to make up for the ones I never got you. See you soon.
> 
> Love ya,
> Sara Tarylian”

Jed asked who sent them to me, and I told him it wasn’t any of his business, and that he should go on ahead of us, but not to wait too long. Then I went to the guest quarters and studied the scroll.

This afternoon, I’ve been studying the scroll Sara sent me, and copying it into my spellbook. I’ll have to thank Sara for it next time we talk. She knows that I specialize in earth magic, and that I wanted the Tunnel spell in my spellbook. I told her before I left. She found a copy of it, and sent it to me. After evening meal in a few minutes, I shall begin to read *The Wizard of Oz*.

“Follow the yellow brick road,” Be the road made of yellow bricks or lavender pavement, both lead to a figure of great power.

“Some people go that way. But some people go that way. And some people go both ways.” 

”Go north and west. It’s the only way to get to the Glittering Palace of Dreams.” How could I go both ways? How could anyone go both ways?

When I left off, Dorothy had met the Scarecrow. I think that this book is rather odd, but at least it’s been translated into the A’din tongue. I hope, the other two books have also been translated to A’din. For now however, I must sleep.

[Next: AA358.10.06b](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.06b.md)
