# AA358.10.10b
## Another Night in Cozum
[Prev: AA358.10.10a](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.10a.md)

“All right, stay right where you are. Any sudden movements and I shoot.” was the first thing Jason heard. He opened his eyes and saw an arrow pointed right at him.

“Who are you?” he asked. “Why are you trying to kill us?”

“I am Kozmo II, the grandson of Kozmo I. I will kill you if you move.” said a cloaked figure, who just happened to be holding the bow. Jason realized that he was now in Cozum, and looking up at an apple hanging from a tree, thought “that apple will probably fall on Kozmo’s head soon.”

Three seconds later, it did fall. It hit Kozmo’s head, and he looked up. Then, Jason jumped up, pulled a bow out of thin air, and nocked an arrow which was pulled from nowhere. He then said, “Don’t move or I’ll shoot.”

Kozmo looked around, and was surprised because he hadn’t seen a bow nearby. “Who are you?” he asked.

“My name is Jason Knight. Be silent.” Jason said. “Sir Pyro, Thkrog, Howoo, wake up!” After he said this, a cloud surrounded Kozmo. Jason heard a screeching sound, and looked up. He saw a bat flying straight at him, and with almost no thought, raised his bow, pulled the arrow back, and released it.

With a loud clunking sound, the bat fell to the ground. It had been lucky, for the arrow had only gone through it’s wing. “A vampire?” he asked. He then threw powdered garlic into the cloud and it took on a humanoid form. It was Kirora.

Scooping the bat into her arms, she said, “Don’t worry Yas. I’ll heal you, just hang on. The bat responded with a pitiful squeaking sound. Angrily she asked Jason, “Why did you shoot him?”

“He was attacking me. I only acted in self defense. You should be glad it was only his wing.” Jason said. Sir Pyro arrived now, holding his rusty axe ready for a battle. Thkrog awoke and rising, grabbed his hammer. Howoo growled from behind Kozmo, and Jason said, “Kozmo, are you a woodsman?”

“Yes, I am. Why do you ask?”

“Because I shall spare your life if you will lead us to the main road to the Glittering Palace of Dreams. If not, I shall shoot you better than I shot the bat.”

“Then I have little choice but to lead you, but we cannot depart now.”

“Why not?”

“Because the shining of the sun is odd.”

“How is it so odd? It seems no different than any other time.”

“It is odd because right now it is the middle of the night. If I am not here when the carpenter comes by to see me for his purchase, he will be suspicious. So you must now hide, for I think he comes even as we speak.”

***JASON!!! WAKE UP!***

Jason now awoke, not knowing how Sara had known to wake him.

"*Sara? I’m awake. What do you want?*"

"*I think I was in Cozum. I was standing at a well, and there was a lavender pavement leading deep into a forest.*"

"*Yes, Sara. You were in Cozum. Next time you’re there, ride a horse into the forest. Go north at the intersection, and you should meet us where the road turns west. It’s almost sunrise now, I’ll call you when we get to Olympia.*"

[Next: AA358.10.11](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.11.md)
