# AA358.10.14
## Journal Entry 17 (Jason Knight)
**Previous:** [AA358.10.13](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.13.md)

This morning, I asked Frodo for directions to the town mage as he served me a ‘breakfast’. He told me that he would have a map ready for me at midday, and said that I should rest. After he left, I went through my possessions and found a strange ring near my backpack.

At midday, I went down to get the map. I also told Frodo about the ring, and gave it to him after he said, “Well, last night I was taking some fresh water into yer room for ya to drink this morning. I had that with me, ‘cuz I was gonna give it to my niece when she got home. Her parents was killed when she was only a year old, and I’ve raised her since then. It was a Hobbiton Day present for 'er. I guess I dropped it while I was in yer room. Funny, I was wonderin' where it was this morning.” I then ate my midday meal, and then went to see the Wizard.

Myrlinn decided to test the spell while I was still there. Amazed with it’s abilities, he said that he’d give me 1 ç for this scroll, and 2 ç for another scroll. I told him that if he could meet me tomorrow evening at The Rusty Lantern Inn, I would sell him another copy and explain how I got the inspiration for the spell. He agreed to the meeting and we set the time for it at 17:30. As I left, I noticed his pale blue hair and realized that he was a Star Elf.

Frodo was very kind to let Howoo remain in the kennel free of charge. Pollock stopped by as we were eating dinner, and told us that Kirora was doing well. She had received a blood transfusion, and they were ready to use a regeneration spell on her. He then handed me a necklace and a vial of something, saying, “Just in case.” As he got up to leave, I saw a young Hobbit girl taking his coin pouch. I grabbed her and called to Frodo. When he arrived, he told us that we should go up to our rooms, and that he’d take care of the problem. As I went upstairs, I heard him saying to her, “Rachel, how many times have I told you not to steal from paying customers?” Once I was in my room, I decided to read the rest of The Wizard of Oz.

After I had finished the book, I called Thor, Jed, and Buzz in so we could discuss what to do after we left town. As we were considering whether to search in a cave loop around Mt. Evearitt, or whether to go straight to the big mountain itself, Rachel came in. She returned Thor’s map of Desert Oases, and apologized for taking it and for trying to take Pollock’s coin pouch. She offered to accompany us on our journey, and I said that we’d think about it. After she had left, I put it to a vote. Thor was the only one who thought we shouldn’t take her because she was too young.

**Next:** [AA358.10.14b](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.14b.md)
