# AA358.12.07
## The Wedding

“Friends and family of the man may be seated.” said Apollo. “You may now lead forth the woman.”

Sara, looking beautiful in her new lavender silk dress, came down the aisle, accompanied by her father, Arthur Johnson. As they reached the front of the chapel, Arthur stood next to his wife, Guinevere.

“Friends and family of the woman may be seated.” Apollo said. At this, they all sat in their seats. “Friends and families of this man and woman, we are gathered here in this town of Colonia today, to witness a joyous event in the lives of these young souls. We are gathered to witness the marriage of Sara Johnson-Tarylian and Jason Knight-King.”

Now, he addressed Jason, “Jason Knight-King. Do you promise, with all your heart, to love and protect Sara at all times, in sickness and health, through times both good and bad, so long as you both shall live? If this is your intent, respond saying I do.”

Jason said, “I do.”

To Sara this time, “Sara Johnson-Tarylian. Do you promise, with all your heart, to love and protect Sara at all times, in sickness and health, through times both good and bad, so long as you both shall live? If this is your intent, respond saying I do.”

“With all my heart,” she said. “I do.”

Now addressing all gathered, “If anyone here objects to the union of these two souls, speak now, or hold forever your peace.” To this proposal, the room was completely silent, save the gentle breeze blowing through the open windows. “Jason Knight and Sara Tarylian, I now pronounce you husband and wife.” At this, they put their wedding rings on the others finger, and Apollo said, “Jason, you may kiss your bride.”

Jason kissed her, after deciding that this was definitely the happiest day of his life. After the kiss, he whispered in her ear, “And hast thou slain thy Jabberwock?” Then aloud, “Come to my arms my beamish wife. Oh frabjous day! Callooh! Callay!” he chortled in his joy.

At this, those who had been present at Sara’s telling of The Jabberwock broke out in laughter. After this, all proceeded, in about as disorderly a fashion as possible, to the home of Dar and Nathan King. Here the wedding banquet was served, and the traditional games of the A’din were played. One human tradition was also practiced at this one. After the meal, and all the games, Sara took a gift bouquet of flowers and threw it into the air. And who should catch it but the latecomer. Lightheart, a Monk from Veronae Abbey, who had been invited, arrived just as Sara was throwing the bouquet. He deftly caught it, and returned it to Sara, not realizing that she had intentionally thrown it.

Jason then greeted him saying, “Well, well, well. Look who’s getting married next old friend. You never should have left, Lightheart. I invite you here for my wedding, and you have to show up late, but at least your in time to make a speech ol’ buddy ol’ pal. See ya after the speeches.”

“And good day to you too “ol’ buddy ol’ pal.” I don’t know what to say, I mean, I got the mail late, and I came as soon as possible.” Lightheart said, sweat running down the side of his face. This was with good cause, as he had run from the edge of town all the way to the King home, about 4 miles, without a break. The odd part was that he didn’t seem at all short of breath, even though he’d only arrived a moment ago, not even long enough for a Monk to catch his breath.

“What do you mean ‘got the mail late’?” Jason asked.

“Vow of silence, friend. We were going a week when the message came, and I couldn’t leave for three days. I didn’t even get the mail until that third day, but once I did, I came right here.” Lightheart said.

“All right, friend.” Jason said, “But you better make a really amazing speech after that vow of silence. And with three extra days too. You knew we were getting married from my Telepathy spell to you.”

“That is so, but I did not know when. You neglected to mention that small fact.”

“Oops.” Jason said, “Sorry about that. You do still have a speech ready, don’t you?”

“Of course I do, old friend. I ran four miles so I could get here in time to give it.”

After this, speeches were given by Dirt Ironbreaker, Dar King, Arthur Johnson, and Brother Lightheart. The speeches were good, and the final event of the day, the Riddling Contest, began. I will list some of the riddles, but not the answers. I want you to try to guess them. Give me the answers you get, and I’ll tell you how many are right. Here goes: 

“My beak is below, I burrow and nose Under the ground, I go as I'm guided By my master the farmer, old foe of the forest; Bent and bowed, and my back he walks, Forward pushing me over the field; Sows on my path where I've passed along. I come from the wood, a wagon carried me; I was fitted with skill, I am full of wonders. As grubbing I go, there's green on one side, But black on the other my path is seen. A curious prong pierces my back; Beneath me in front, another grows down And forward pointing is fixed to my head. I tear and gash the ground with my teeth, If my master steer me with skill from behind. What am I?”

“A painting, I have no frame, No gallery exhibits me; Here today, tomorrow I move; Yet I am as permanent as life itself. A painting, I use no canvas, Yet my canvas is the essence of life; No brush was used in my creation, But colors are mine to display. A painting; who am I?”

“What sphinxes employ, the players enjoy. What is it?”

“Touching one, yet holding two, it is a one link chain. Binding those who keep words true, 'til death rent it in twain. What is it?”

“One tooth to bite, he's the forests foe. One tooth to fight, as all Norse know. What is it?”

“One where none should be, or maybe where two should be, seeking out purity, in the kings trees. What am I?”

“My first wears my second; my third might be, what my first would acquire if he went to the sea. Put together my one, two, three, And the belle of New York is the girl for me.”

“Twice four and twenty blackbirds sitting in the rain I shot and killed a fourth of them. How many do remain?”

“What has roots as nobody sees, is taller than trees, up, up it goes, And yet never grows?”

“Voiceless it cries, wingless it flutters, toothless bites, mouthless mutters.”

“It cannot be seen, cannot be felt, cannot be heard, cannot be smelt. It lies behind stars and under hills, and empty holes it fills. It comes first and follows after, ends life, kills laughter.”

“A box without hinges, key, or lid, yet golden treasure inside is hid.”

“This thing all things devours: Birds, beast, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, and beats high mountain down.”

By this point only two were left. Frodo Baggins and Jason were throwing riddles at each other. In the end they asked a pair of riddles which neither could answer. Here they are:

Frodo asked: “The Load-bearer, the Warrior, the Frightened One, the Brave, the Fleet-of-foot, the Ironshod, the Faithful One, the Slave. What is it?”

Jason asked: “I am puff-breasted, proud crested, as head I have, and a high tail, eyes & ears and one foot, both my sides, a back that's hollow, a very stout beak, a steeple neck and a home above men.  Harsh are my sufferings when that which makes the forest tremble takes and shakes me. Here I stand under steaming rain and blinding sleet, stoned by hail; freezes the frost and falls the snow on me stuck-bellied.  And I stick it all out for I cannot change the change that made me. What am I?”

  

The two of them had riddled well past nightfall before these two questions were asked, and at that time, only four spectators remained. These were Sara, Rachel, Lightheart(who was lurking in the shadows), and Apollo. At this point, the contestants waited each other out, and Apollo declared, “This contest is a draw. There is no point in continuing the contest so late, and the prize of a fine Elvish bow goes to neither. However, if you must, you may sleep on these riddles, and answer them in the morning. What is your decision, Frodo?”

“I’ll take you up on the offer, and we’ll meet back here at midday Jason. You do a good job of riddling.” Frodo said.

So they went to their chambers, and puzzled over the riddles. And they slept. The next day, at midday, they returned for the midday meal and to post their answers. Only one could win, and only one was right. Jason won the fine Elvish bow. Frodo said that the answer to Jason’s riddle was an eagle, and he was wrong.

  
  

Journal Entry 26 Sir Jason Knight

  

Sara and I have decided to go to Camelot for our “honeymoon.” She looked beautiful at the wedding, and was just as glad to be there as I was. I am glad that Lightheart made it to the wedding, despite his lateness. I almost broke out in laughter when he caught the bouquet, since he can’t marry. It’ll be a few days before we can get out to Porttown, but from there we can go straight to Camelot. While we’re in Camelot, we’ll be staying in the Avalon Inn. After that, we’ll be heading to Veronae, where Lightheart will have some information for me about Cozum.

Everything is ready. We’ll leave in the morning, but I don’t have time for details. Right now I’m too tired to even think of details. Sara is waiting for me to come to bed, and I need the sleep.

  

Sir Jason Knight

  

Cozum Begins Again....

  

“Your journey must begin again. Your souls are joined, and once again, you see your wife, you see it all, but now a ship is where you’ll fall.”

After the strange voice had said this, Jason awoke to feel a crushing pain in his back, and a loud flesh on wood thunking sound. He then opened his eyes and saw Sara. He gently roused her, and she asked, “Where are we? Are we in Cozum?” She got up and looked around, and saw the deck of a ship. Surrounding the ship, she saw the pink sea. This surprised her, for though the sea is more of a greenish tint on Atrusius, this was pure pink.

“Of course we’re on Cozum, Sara. How else could we be on a ship with such hard wood, on a pink ocean,” Jason sniffed the air and said, “not to mention after a storm.”

“Yah, yer on Cozum. Specifically yer on the S.F.S. Apple Pie. I’m Captain Bob, and who might you be?”

“I’m Sara Tarylian, and this is Jason Knight. I don’t know how we got here, maybe Jason can tell you.” Sara said.

“Yeah, I can.” Jason said. “We fell from the sky.”

As Jason said this, Sara looked around again. She noticed three men just sitting there, doing nothing. She went up to them and asked, “Who are you? Do you have anything to do?”

“Well,” said the tall one, “I’m First Mate Larry. This,” he motioned towards the short one in a tall hat, “is Pawpaw the Vintner. And this,” motioning now towards the one with a coconut n his hand, “is Lunt. We picked them up on our journey. And we don’t do anything.”

Lunt said, in a rhythmic, almost singing voice, “I’ve never veered to starboard, ‘cuz I’ve never sailed at all.”

Pawpaw also sang a verse here, “ Well, I’ve never been to Greenland, and I;ve never been to Denmark, and I’ve never buried treasure in St. Louis or St. Paul. And I’ve never been to Denver, and I’ve never been to Moscow, and I’ve never been to Boston in the fall.”

“Yeah, well that’s because we’re the ‘Sailors who do Nothing Whatsoever.’ You guys know that we don’t do anything.” Larry said.

Out of nowhere, Lunt said, “Hey, Pawpaw, you look like Cap’n Crunch.” After this was said, the Pawpaw started chasing Lunt around the deck. this ended when Captain Bob pushed both of them overboard.

“They’ll be fine. We had a storm the past few days, it started just as we were about to leave Island 157. Come on, I’ll show you around.” Bob said. He then led Jason and Sara below decks, showed them around, and introduced them to a few people.

“Hello, Captin Bob,” said a short man who had a fairly high pitched voice. “I hope that we can get some food soon, ‘cuz we’re almost out, and I can’t cook wihout food, and we’ll all get scurvy and die if we don’t get any vitamin C soon, and then the Sugarplum Fairy will be really disappointed, ‘cuz...”

“Uh, J.R., I’d like you to meet Jason and Sara. They kind of fell out of the sky and landed on the deck. We’ll have to go get some food tomorrow, but until then, you’ll have to make do with what we have.”

“Oh, hi Jason. Hi Sara.” J.R. said. Then muttering as he headed back towards the kitchen, “Now I have two more mouths to feed. Why is it that I always get stuck killing giants, or getting held captive by an alien creature? No, Larry doesn’t get stuck with those, neither does Bob, or James, or Jerry, or Jean-Claude, or Scotts, or any of the other little guys. Just me. Why, why, why?”

Shortly after this, they entered the Map Room, where a tall yet rounded man greeted Bob saying, “All maps are clear sir. Where to next?”

“Well, tomorrow we’re gathering food for the ship, and so we’ll leave the day after that, and we’re finally going home. By the way, this is Jason, and this is Sara. They’re the reason we’re going home, James.”

“Well hi there Sara and Jason. Nice to meet ya.” James said.

“Hi James,” said Jason, “it’s a pleasure to meet you.”

They went on, and met the ships medical officer, a shorter man than Bob, and very round. he spoke with a strange accent, “Mon Capitan, I must report that half of the oarsmen on board have taken ill. They all have scurvy, and everyone here will get it if we don’t get any vitamin C soon. And just who eggzactly are zese?”

“Hello Jean-Claude. I know about the scurvy problem, and tomorrow, we’re going to get food. These are Jason and Sara.”

“Bonjour, Missueur Jason, and Maddam Sara. It is a pleasure to meet you. Meet me in the examining room after dinner, you two.” Jean-Claude said.

“Hello, Dr. Jean-Claude. We’ll be there right on time, if not earlier.” said Jason.

“Good.” said Dr. Jean-Claude.

They continued their journey, and next they met Chief Oarsman Scotts. “Hello captain. And how are you doin today sir?”

“Scotts, I’d like you to meet Jason and Sara, and I’m fine.” said Bob.

“Well hello to the both of you.” Scotts said. “And would either of ya be up to helping us row this ship?”

“Perhaps when we leave port.” said Jason. His vision now blurred, and so did Sara’s, and a moment later, they awoke, at sunrise. His back was in great pain, as may happen when one is injured in a dream, and she rubbed his back to soothe the pain.

  

Both Heroes and Lovers

Nathan King     written on 08/17/358 A.A.

  

348 A.A. has seen, Both heroes and lovers, now dead they lay

Only one amazing thing. To never again see the light of day.

The 8 year old, human, being

Found by my father, Dar King.

  

When first in our own tongue he spoke,

So many thought it was a joke.

With the learning of magic, legends, and might,

No living thing had yet known this Knight.

  

Far in the north, away from all,

The girl and her parents did fall.

For Jason Knight, the call of hearts,

Did bear his love past many stars.

  

355 A.A. they met,

On one other, their eyes they set.

How could they know, that fateful night,

That one day both would share their life?

  

In year 358 he went,

Far on a quest to find a sword.

Not knowing truly what was meant,

They knew not the will of the Lord.

  

A dragon and the sword they found,

But moment later homeward bound.

There did they announce their plan,

The marriage of these two was near at hand.

  

A wedded pair, of Mage and Knight

Two humans, and in Hero’s Light.

The course of Herakles they chose

Was not an easy task, Lord knows.

Yet still they met with ev’ry task,

and failing was for both their last.

  

Author’s Notes:

There are many sentient races on the world of Atrusius. These include the A’din, Elves, Dwarves, Orcs, Hobbits, and Gnomes. These are only some of the most important. There is no mention of Humans in this list, because when Jason wrote his journal, he was the one of only 5 humans on the planet.

Having been raised by the A’din since he was 8, he has learned more about their culture than about human culture. He has decided to be trained as a Knight, a lumbersmith, a cook, and an archer. His brother, Nathan, convinced him to learn magic when he was 14, so he has skill in that particular area, while Nathan is a Mage by trade. Thor Odinsen, an Orc, is his best friend and had Jason train Howoo, his wolf. They remain friends for many years, until Thor, the “heir” of the old Norse “God” Thor, is called upon by the other Emissaries, to help them stop the war on Earth.

The A’din have special symbols used to signify different forms of currency. The common forms are Copper(¢), Silver(¶), and Gold(ç). Most transactions use silver, but some use copper instead. Gold is only used to price the most expensive items, which are usually magical or blessed. Note also that these coins do have names.

Copper coins are called ‘Tendë’ (ten’-dee), from the Kobald word for ‘consistent’. Silver coins are ‘Dïmos’ (die-mohs’) from the dwarvish ‘payment’, and are often called “dimes” (this passed from youthful slang to normal speak as merchants began to adopt it in their patter-speak, and is used in Thieves’ Tongue as “the proper time”). Gold coins, called ‘Gilden’ (gill’-dehn) from the Adin word for “metal coin”, and are often called “gil coins”.

Herakles was the most famous of Zeus Sonhir’s Half-human sons, and was also the only Half-human to ever wield a weapon forged by Hephaestus Sonhir, the great Blacksmith who forged Excalibur. Herakles’ Sword was the next to last weapon he forged before the S.S. Olympus left for Atrusius, the last being Excalibur.

Vampires are not believed to be a natural race. The legend told in the 4th entry is true, so far as such a tale can be considered true. Kirora is the result of blending the souls of Kitasha and Vimora.

Cozum (kah’-zoom), is a dream realm. It is ruled by two entities, one pure good, the other pure evil. The good one is the Sugarplum Fairy, the Sandman is the evil one. I may decide to expand on Cozum, and even put it the story later on. It should also be noted that Cozum will cease to exist when the Ketzacotl (Quetzalcoatl) awakens on [New] Gaia.

Rest is very important to a mage. Mages regenerate their mana power fastest while resting. They can restore it while they are adventuring, but usually they try to rest. After using as much power as Jason put into preserving their meat, he really should have rested 2 days.

One day on Atrusius is 25 hours. The 25th hour is called the Dark Hour, and hardly anyone is active then. During this hour, the undead are at their strongest.

Dirt Ironbreaker is one of Atrusius’ best Blacksmiths.

Sara Tarylian, Jedediah Smith, and Sara’s parents are the other 4 humans on Atrusius at this time. Tarylian is an adopted last name, of Elvish origin, which Sara took based on her first native friend. Jason, Jed, and Sara were all members of Project: Colony, and spent most of their free time playing Knights & Warlords and other RPGs. Their special campaign land was the Elvish island, T’kalla, which will not be made for over 200 years, at the end of the second Great War between Elves and Orcs.

The A’din have different units of measurement than humans. One such unit is the liquid measurement of the cuort (chew’-ort). 1 cuort is about equal to 1.356 quarts on Earth. The Dwarves had a measure equal to this, but have adopted the name “cuort” for it since the Adin arrival.

The time given in Journal Entry 17 is A’din time. The day on Atrusius is divided into 9 periods. 8 of these periods are 3 hours long, and are called kliks. as the A’din minute is the same as the human minute, there are 180 minutes to a klik. The remaining period of time is actually 63 minutes, and during this time, the Dark Hour, no one in his or her right mind would be out.

The year given at the intro to the end of Nathan’s poem is the way of A’din measurement of time. They measure time from their arrival on Atrusia, so the A.A. means, A’din Atrusia. They had always done that though, so even in the ancient A;din Interplanetary Empire, time was measured that way. A.x. Where A means A’din, and x is the first letter of the planet’s name.

  
  

Length of Year

In Minutes

525’960 794’080

In Days

365.25 528.33

Length of Day

24:00:00 25:03:00

  

23.1664318855/34.7247695072

  
**