# AA358.10.01
## Journal Entry 6 (Jason Knight)
[Previous: AA358.09.44b](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.09.44b.md)

I had a frightening dream last night. But this is no time to reflect on it. Today, I must send Kirora on her way. Only Thor can accompany me on this journey. After morning meal, we will break camp and leave for the day.
___
We broke camp at dawn, after our morning meal. I had finally recovered my strength from preserving the meat a few days back. I was beginning to fear that I would never use magic again. We parted ways with Kirora, but at least there should be no problems should we ever meet her again. At about mid-morning, we decided to speed up so we can maybe reach Dirt’s home tomorrow. All morning I have been wondering about the world I saw in my dream last night, Cozum. The names I heard seemed somehow familiar to me.

I remember part of a story now, from Earth. There was a girl, who was travelling to see a great warlock or some powerful mage. She met 3 friends during the trip, and fought a witch, and all of this was in a world similar to Cozum. I shall ask Sara about it when I return. As we made camp, I saw a hill on the horizon. I think that the hill may be Dirt’s home.
___
THE DARK HOUR: I awoke in terror only moments ago. I put some wood on the fire and then set to finish off today’s entry. As I slept tonight, I saw a figure of pure terror approaching me. I certainly hope that it isn’t native to this plane.

Jason Knight

[Next: AA358.10.02](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.02.md)
