# AA 358.10.04
## Journal Entry 8 (Jason Knight)
[Previous: AA358.10.02](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.02.md)

It’s been two days since I recorded anything in this journal. There was a knock on the door just a minute ago, and Dirt is going to see who’s there. I think I already know who it is. The other day, when I talked to Sara, she told me about some elf who was hunting down a vampire. I think he’s hunting Kirora. Here comes Dirt, I better hide this.
___
## Record of Buzz Kozmo's Visit

Here’s a record of what happened while Buzz, the elf, was here:

Dirt lead an elf through the door of his cave. I knew this because I heard the elf saying something about how dwarves should build doors more accessible to the taller folk.

“Welcome, good elf,” said Dirt,”may I get you something to drink?”

“Thank you for your offer, and I appreciate it, nonetheless, I currently need neither food or beverage. Allow me to introduce myself, good smith.” At this point, the elf entered the room, immediately followed by Dirt. “My name is Buzz Kozmo, and I am a ranger. I am hunting for a long lost friend of mine.”

“Hello, Buzz Kozmo,” Thor and I said in perfect unison. I then asked, “Have you any idea the name of this friend?”

“Hello, young fellows. Perhaps if I knew your names, I would tell you my friend’s name.” He now addressed Dirt, “I am sorry Smith Ironbreaker, I did not realize you had guests.”

Thor then said, “Ranger Kozmo, my name is Thor Odinson, the chosen heir of the Great Emissary of the A’din. I travel with my friend as a warrior. I apologize if my wolf was any trouble to you.”

“Ah, I had wondered why a plains wolf would be so far from the grasslands. He was no trouble at all, and I hope you don’t mind that I fed him.”

“Of course not, ranger.”

“My name,” I said, “is Jason Knight. I am a knight and Smith Ironbreaker is making me some armor. I will provide you with any information that I can Ranger, but I cannot assure you that I know anything.”

“Knight? Sir Jason, are you by any chance related to Dar and Nathan King? If so, then I believe that you do have some very important information for me.”

“Yes, I am the adopted human son of Dar, and brother to Nathan. But, why exactly are you so far from your native home, in the forests of Verona?” I asked, suddenly aware that he was a Wood Elf.

“As I have said, I seek an old friend of mine. Her name is Kitasha Lightseer, or as she is more commonly known, Kirora the Vampire Mistress. Have you seen her, by any chance?”

“Yes, I have. Thor and I parted ways with her a few days ago. She was headed eastward.” I responded directly, not expecting any payment at all for my assistance, after all I am trained as a knight.

However, Ranger Kozmo replied by saying,”Your help is greatly appreciated. I wish to repay you with this,” he said, holding out a quiver full of arrows. “I made these arrows 135 years ago for Kitasha. They were to be given to her when she returned from slaying the vampire, Vimora. However, when I returned to Veronae, I learned that she was now a vampire. I made the shafts from Mithrahl wood, and the tips are solid Mage Iron. I meant to give them to her when I found her, but now I know that she truly is a vampire, and so I must cure her.”

“Thank you, Ranger Kozmo. Are you sure you will have nothing to drink?” i asked.

“Actually, I would very much like a skin of wine for my trip, and if I may, I should like to dine with the smith,” he replied. “Is that all right with you Smith?”

“Of course you may eat with us, and there’s no need to be so formal, you can just call me Dirt. After all, that is my name. After lunch I’ll fetch you a 1 cuort skin of wine. Only the finest Olympic wine for you,” Dirt said.

At this time, Dirt used some of his power to create for us a great feast, which we ate completely. As we ate, Dirt asked about rumors of the Dwarvish world, and Thor and I asked about everything outside of the Desert. When finally we finished the meal, Dirt fetched 2 one-cuort skins of wine, one of which he gave to Buzz.

“Dirt, you seem to have miscounted. Should I take this back to the cellar?” I asked.

“No, boy. Keep it out. Yer armor’ll be ready tomorrow, and the day after that you leave. But this isn’t any ordinary wine. This is blessing wine. I know you’re really looking for Herakles’ Sword, but if you happen to find my family’s hidden shrine to Björn, I want you to put this wine under the altar.” He then asked, ”D’ya understand that?”

To this Thor and I both responded, “Yes,” and then we left for the guest chambers to rest for the afternoon.

After this, Dirt spent the rest of the day in his forge, making my armor. I shall have to pay him for it, whether he expects it or not.

Jason Knight

[Next: AA358.10.06a](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.06a.md)
