# AA358.09.42
## Journal Entry 3 (Jason Knight)
[Previous: AA358.09.41](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.09.41.md)

Today I had to use the last of our dried meat to get rid of a sand lion. Thor still owes me 20¶ though, because not even desert scavengers starving to death would eat sand lion meat. It’s tough and more or less, inedible. We also met a party of archers and pilgrims returning from the Temple of the Creator. We had our midday meal with them and parted ways a couple hours later, after I sold a few of my staffs. They may not be the best, but now I can at least afford my bet with Thor with some money to spare. One of the archers also showed me how to carve a good bow and string it, and sold me some dozen good bowstrings for only 2¶. We made camp at the Veredu Oasis. Tonight, we have to look for nuts to eat with dinner. Fortunately, Thor has skill as a ranger, and can identify any of the plants we find, at least, I hope he can. Well, at least I can find something for the soup. We should arrive at Dirt’s place in 2 days, then, I’ll have the armor I’ll need for fighting. I made some good money today, I learned how to make bows, and I found a cache of sticks at the oasis. Judging by the age, some unfortunate lumbersmith must have left them so he or she could hunt something, and obviously, never returned. I now claim them as my own, and they are my property. They seem to be either oak or Mithrahl, both of which are extremely sturdy woods. Well, now I have to start the fire for dinner. 

I never should have bet Thor he couldn’t find any meat. He found some good meat while he was hunting today, a desert boar. One of the hardest animals on the world to kill, but he did it with nothing but a rock that he found nearby, or so he claims. However he did it, I owe him 20¶ so, I pay. Fresh meat is good after 2 days of nothing but dried meat and soup made of what edible plants we can find. The main problem here is that we won’t be able to make nearly as much progress tomorrow as we did today, since the preservation spell is going to leave me exhausted and weak. At least we’ll have meat, and I’m thankful for that.

Jason Knight

[Next: AA358.09.43a](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.09.43a.md)
