# AA358.09.43
## Journal Entry 4 (Jason Knight)
[Previous: AA358.09.42](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.09.42.md)

Last night I heard a strange howling sound. My first thought was that some terrible monster had escaped. My second thought was that the Legend of Kirora was true. The legend goes like this:

Kitasha Lightseer was a young and ambitious Mage, skilled with the sword and the crossbow. She was hunting for the vampire, Vimora, who was terrorizing the countryside of Verona. The night she found the vampire was her last as Kitasha, for as she purified the wooden stake she was to use, Vimora bit her. However, Vimora was not destined to win, for as she bit Tasha, the Holy Water she was holding, spilled out onto the vampire. When this happened, the body of the vampire was destroyed, but the spirit lived on in the body of Tasha.

That legend goes on to say that when Kirora returned to her town, she was sent away to Khandar. I fear that she may have escaped, and if so, we are all in danger.

Howoo has seemed afraid of something all day. I wish I knew what frightened him so, and perhaps I shall ask him when stop for midday meal.

Howoo has no idea what the source of his fear is. I think that this confirms my worst fears, for wolves fear nothing but the undead. If Kirora is around, we are in danger.

Since midday, our journey has been uneventful. I started work on one of my new sticks. This one should end up being an excellent staff, for fighting or for walking. Tonight, Kirora should catch up with us, and I will try to reason with her. Thor will have to record the dialogue, so we will make less progress tomorrow.

Jason Knight 

[Next: AA358.09.43b](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.09.43b.md)
