# AA358.10.07
## Journal Entry 10 (Jason Knight)
[Previous: AA358.10.06b](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.06b.md)

The travel in this part of the desert is hard. Thor and I each left Dirt’s house yesterday with 6 cuorts of water. It is only midday and we have only one cuort left for each of us. I have already told Thor that I will not make more than 2 cuorts of water per day, and he reluctantly agreed to cut back on how much water he drinks.

As we were setting up camp for the night, I saw a tree about a mile away. My mind told me that it was real, so I urged Thor onward. When at last we arrived, we found Jedediah at the oasis, sleeping, apparently all day. I roused him, and he told us of his dream.

“I dreamt that I was Sir Pyro. I had just set a clearing full of vermin on fire, when two figures, a human and a goblin approached. I asked them who they were and why they wanted to cross the clearing. The goblin told me that his name was Thkrog-something-or-other and the human identified himself as you, Jason. They said they were seeking the man who hired me, and I offered to take them to him. We traveled a while, and suddenly, out of nowhere, a wolf attacked me. Then the other 3 vanished, leaving me behind. I went back to the clearing, and I was returning to the forest when you woke me.”

At this point, Howoo jumped into the shallow pond of the oasis. After dinner, we swam in the oasis, and I found some crystals. I suddenly had an inspiration for a new spell, Crystalize. After reading from The Wizard of Oz, I started writing notes on the new spell. After sundown, as we lay down to sleep, Howoo, came up to me. He then stretched his forelegs, and then curled up into a ball next to me.

[Next: AA358.10.08a](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.08a.md)
