# AA358.10.15
## Journal Entry 18 (Jason Knight)
**Previous:** [[]]
  

Last night, after Thor, Jed, and Buzz left my room, I started work on the scroll for the Crystalize spell. After about 30 minutes, I got tired and went to sleep. Now I have to finish it so I can sell it to Myrlinn. Frodo’s breakfast was quite good this morning. I really appreciate his hard work.

Rachel stopped by this morning to ask whether or not she could come with us. I told that it was all right with us if her parent or guardian said she could. She told me to ask Frodo, and then went on her way. I then finished my work on the scroll.

When I went down at midday, I saw Thor, Jed, Buzz, and Pollock sitting at one of the tables. I looked toward the counter, and saw Frodo trying to carry just a bit to much food at once, so I offered to help him. While we were taking the food to the table, I asked if Rachel could go on our journey with us. He looked surprised, but said, “Sure she can. Maybe it’ll help teach her some honor. You just be sure to take good care of her, all right.” Once we had gotten to the table, he asked what I wanted. I asked for a salad, 4 onse steak, some bread, and a mug of apple nectar. He then left to get my food. After he’d left, we talked about Kirora’s condition. According to Pollock she still needed Dracula’s Wine, and that once her blood started regenerating, she’d be just fine. Still, he insisted on coming with us in case of any problems, so we agreed.

My meeting with Myrlinn went well. he gave me the 3 ç he said he would, and also gave me a paper that looked quite old. I explained to him about my “wild talent” and he mentioned that perhaps he would leave me a scroll in the morning. He said that he appreciated the new spell, and that the scroll he would leave me would probably be useful as well.

**Next:** [AA358.10.16](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.16.md)
