# AA 358.10.02
## Journal Entry 7 (Jason Knight)
[Previous: AA358.10.01](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.01.md)

I was right about the hill being Dirt’s home, it says on the door: 

> DIRT IRONBREAKER
> DWARF BLACKSMITH

I hope that he’s finished my armor.
___
Dirt offered to let us stay a few days, and we accepted. We’ll be staying here for 4 or 5 days, until he finishes my armor. Then, we’re on our way.

I decided to check on Sara tonight. I used a Telepathy spell to talk to her, and ask about that story I mentioned yesterday. She’s doing fine.
___
## Telepathic Conversation (Jason Knight, Sara Tarylian)

Jason said: Sara, I was wondering about a story from Earth. It’s about a girl who finds herself in a strange land and seeks out some powerful mage.

Sara replied: You mean the Wizard of Oz. The girl’s name is Dorothy.

Jason: I guess. I had a strange dream a few nights ago. I dreamt that I was in a strange land. I saw someone passing by me, so I asked where I was. He told me that his name was Jolly De and that I was in a land called Cozum. He also said that I may be able to return if I met the Sugarplum Fairy or the Sandman. He told that to get to their home, I had to follow a lavender pavement, and then I came to an intersection, and I was told to go both north and west. Does any of that sound familiar to you, Sara?

Sara: It is sort of like Oz, but also a bit like Wonderland, from another story back on Earth. Another story about a girl lost in a strange place, very similar to this land you described. It’s called Cozum, right?

Jason: Yes. Tell me about the story of Wonderland, please. I want to know everything I can about Dream Realms and other planes.

Sara: I’ll send it with a messenger to Dirt’s place OK. You will stay there a while, right?

Jason: Of course Sara. I’ll wait for it. How are your parents and Jedediah?

Sara: They’re doing just fine. Jed decided to follow the elf that just left town. He’s called Buzz Kozmo and he’s hunting for a Vampire. I think that Nathan saw her, probably following your trail if the rumors are true, so you should probably be careful. I think that he’s dangerous.

Jason: All right Sara. Love ya. Bye.

[Next: AA358.10.03](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.05.md)
