# AA358.10.06b
## Return to Cozum
[Previous: AA358.10.06a](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.06a.md)

Jason opened his eyes and found himself back in the Mithrahl grove on Cozum. Carefully, he looked around, and saw a Goblin holding a wheat cutter. Slowly, Jason rose to his feet. He was startled when the Goblin spoke, “What do you want here?” Probably he was startled because the goblin spoke common with only a slight accent, and that was Orcish.

“I was only resting,” he replied, “If you want, I will go now.”

As he was looking around, he noticed the hammer at the goblin’s feet. “May I look at that hammer?” he asked.

“Look you may, but touch it not.” said the Goblin. “Where are you going?”

“To the Glittering Palace of Dreams. Can you help me?” he asked. As he examined the hammer, he saw that it was Mjolnir, Thor’s hammer.

“You must go north and west. I shall help you and come with you.”

“What is your name?” Jason asked him.

“My name is Thkrognitkrnak.”

“Why does a Goblin have the name of an Orc?” asked Jason.

“I was raised by Orcs, elves killed my kin, and now I seek vengeance!” As he said this, he picked up the hammer, and held it over his head. “Now, follow me.”

Jason followed him until they came to a burning field, where they were stopped by a man in silver armor.

“Who are you, and what business do you have crossing this field? Where are you from?” the figure asked in an icy, yet noble voice.

“My name is Thkrognitkrnak, I come from the Orcish village near Colonia, and my business is to kill all who stop me!” the Goblin said.

At this Jason was shocked. He asked himself how safe they were if this was Thor in Cozum. And if they could return. He then said, “My name is Jason Knight, from Earth and then from Colonia. My business is to meet,” at this point he made a quick decision and said, “the Sandman. What might your name be, stranger?”

The stranger replied, “My name is Sir Pyro, the Sandman’s personal assassin. I was sent to kill the foul beasts living in this clearing, so I burned it. If you seek the Sandman, follow me.”

The name of Sir Pyro was very familiar. One of Jedediah’s first characters in an RPG had been a Black Knight named Sir Pyro. He was the hired thug of the king of Verona. If Jedediah was here then who would they find next. Jason knew little of the Wizard of Oz, but he knew that one of the friends had been an animal of some sort, so he supposed it would be Howoo.

Sir Pyro led them through a forest trail that followed very near the edge of the fire. When they arrived, he said, “I shall accompany you to see the Sugarplum Fairy, she is good, and she may grant us one gift each. When she does, you must choose wisely what your gift shall be. Follow me.”

With this said, Jason knew what his gift would be. He would ask to return home, and to have all returned to normal. He followed Sir Pyro, and when they came to a bend, he immediately led them northward. Thkrog immediately protested, saying, “We must now go west, to reach the Glittering Palace.”

Pyro said, “We have left the main road. I know my way.”

So they traveled for hours, until suddenly, Pyro was attacked by a giant wolf. The wolf growled, “Leave my land. You are not welcome here!”

Jason then hit the wolf with a stick he saw nearby. The wolf stopped attacking, for he realized he was outmatched. “What are your names?” he asked. The group introduced themselves, and then he introduced himself. “I am known by many names, Plains-wolf, Wolf, and Howoo, but my true name is Wayrwulf. I saw you coming towards my land, and I feared that the metal one would burn my land as quickly as he burned the clearing back there. I will give you safe conduct through my land on the condition that it is not burned.” At this point, Jason’s sight became blurred, and he couldn’t hear straight. He said something like, “Wait up guys” and then he awoke, back on Atrusius, staring at Howoo.

[Next: AA358.10.07](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.07.md)
