# AA358.10.26
## Journal Entry 22 (Jason Knight)


It is evening, and I haven’t kept my journal for 3 days. This is because nothing of any importance has happened in that time. We have nearly arrived at the cave in Mt. Evearitt, and though the sun still lingers above the horizon, we have made camp. As we traveled, Sara and I talked about life, magic, and my quest. I told her, as we made camp, how much I had missed her and that I had something for her. After camp was made and water set for our dinner soup, I gave her the sculpture.

“It’s beautiful!” she exclaimed. She then asked, “Who carved it? How much did it cost?” I explained to her that I had made it while researching my new spell. She then said, “How nice. I guess the best gifts really do come from the heart.” I then taught her how to prepare a chicken soup.

At dinner, I saw a figure about 4 miles away. It was the Silver Dragon, and it said to me, telepathically, You and your companions are welcome in my lair. After dinner, Sara and I went to our tent. I read from Alice in Wonderland and she read the Legend of the Silver Dragon.

## Journal Entry 10 (Sara Tarylian)

Tonight after dinner, I decided read from Jason’s book of Legends. I read The Legend of the Silver Dragon.

Here’s a summary of the legend:

> At the dawn of Elvish consciousness, the Silver Dragon protected all of Elvenkind. As we grew in knowledge, we grew in power. As we grew in power, the Dragon left us. Since the time of Elendail, none have seen the Dragon, and it is said that as he died, Elendail gave a prophecy. Simply put, this prophecy says that no Elf shall see the Dragon until one from another world has seen it.

Perhaps a member of Elvenkind shall see it soon.

## Journal Entry 2 (Myrlinn)

As I made my tent, I saw a fire on the road ahead of me. Perhaps it’s owners will accompany me on my quest.

Myrlinn, Mage of Olympia

**Next:** [AA358.10.27](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.27.md)
