# AA358.10.08b
## Journal Entry 11 (Jason Knight)
[Previous: AA358.10.08a](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.08a.md)

As the sun rose today, I saw a figure on the horizon. I convinced Thor and Jed to wait, so we could see who or what it was. When he finally arrived, I was shocked. It was Buzz Kozmo, and he was carrying Kirora. I recognized her condition, it’s known as bloodfaint, and it commonly occurs when a warrior loses too much blood in battle. As I later found out, in her case, it was because she had almost no blood. Fortunate for us that the oasis we had camped at was rich in the herbs that are used in making Dracula’s Wine. It was exceptionally rich in Bloodroot and Bloodwort, both of which act as blood for a time, when exposed to certain organic elements. All adventurers recognize them, and know how to prepare them. I offered our assistance to Ranger Kozmo, and he readily accepted.

I spent the whole morning preparing herbs to heal Kirora. This afternoon, we shall travel as far as we can, but it may not be very far. I have given Kirora 8 omors of Dracula’s Wine, which should speed up her recovery. As I prepared the herbs, I asked Buzz what had happened. He told me that he had used his Necklace of Life to cure her vampirism, and as soon as it had touched her, she had fallen. He then carried her towards Olympia, to find medical assistance.

Travel was slow today. We made a carrier for Kirora, and then we traveled until sundown. I made a shelter for the carrier as the others set up camp, so Kirora won’t die of heat sickness. I applied a bloodroot salve to her wounds and gave her another 8 omors of Dracula’s Wine.

[Next: AA358.10.09a](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.09a.md)
