# AA358.09.44b
## Cozum
[Previous: AA358.09.44a](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.09.44a.md)

> *Here is Jason’s dream, told from an outside point of view:*

Jason opened his eyes. He was startled at the sight he saw, probably because seemingly overnight, a city had sprung up around him. “Where am I?” he asked a young man passing by.

The youth said, “You know, you should always start a conversation with something like ‘Nice day’ or ‘How do you do, and what’s your name?’ By the way, what is your name stranger? I’m Jolly De.”

“Well, uh, hi Jolly. My name is Jason Knight. I come from Colonia. What is this place?”

“Oh yes, I guess I forgot you’re new here. This place is called Cozum. It’s where dreams happen, and few people who discover the Lost City here ever return to their body. Good luck getting home Jason.”

“Can’t you help me at all? Is there anyone who can help me?”

“Perhaps the Sugarplum Fairy or her husband, Sandman can help you. They live in the Glittering Palace of Dreams. If you follow this lavender pavement, you’ll go right there.” Hurrying his speech, Jolly said, “Seeyoulater,I’mlatelatelate.Gottagohavecookiesandcakewiththerulerof.....”At this point, Jason could understand nothing Jolly was saying, so he politely left him to rave on.

“I guess I should just follow this lavender pavement,” Jason said,”after all, what harm could it do. I’ll meet the Sandman or the Sugarplum Fairy, then they’ll send me back home.” He knew he had heard all those names before, but he couldn’t remember where or when. Or even what their importance was.

After traveling for what seemed to be days, he found an odd intersection. All the roads led in different directions, but they also went to the Glittering Palace of Dreams. In one corner was a grove of Mithrahl trees, so he decided to rest. While wondering which way to go, he asked himself, aloud, “Which way should I go?”

He was startled when a voice replied, ”Go north and west. It’s the only way to get to where you’re going.”

“How can I go two ways at once?” he demanded. “Tell me that and I’ll go”

“Nothing is impossible, to those who trust their friends. You must part ways or you will never arrive at your goal. Conflicts within manifest without.”

At this point, Jason seemed to awake from his dream, only to find himself staring across a clearing at Thor and Howoo, Kirora, and Nathan. “Choose one of these to accompany you on your quest. Any others will destroy your hope of success, for in trust of strangers is the greatest weakness of humankind.”

“How can I choose?. You make me choose between my brother, my best friend, and a threatened woman, and expect me to choose. If I must choose one person, it would be Thor. I have told no one save him of my true plans. Not even my dearest brother knows the goal of my quest. Kirora would understand my obligation only because she too is affected by such, but hers is not a choice, she cannot back out. Thor is the one I choose!” Yelling this last time, he said, “Thor SHALL BE MY COMPANION ON THIS JOURNEY! NOW LEAVE ME IN PEACE!”

> *This ends the dream, but is it truly finished? I don't even know, and I wrote the story.*

[Previous: AA358.10.01](Old%20Stories/Jason's%20Journal/AA358.10.01.md)
