---
title: "Author’s Notes:"
aliases: ["Author’s Notes:"]
linter-yaml-title-alias: "Author’s Notes:"
---

# Author’s Notes:

There are many sentient races on the world of Atrusius. These include the A’din, Elves, Dwarves, Orcs, Hobbits, and Gnomes. These are only some of the most important. There is no mention of Humans in this list, because when Jason wrote his journal, he was the one of only 5 humans on the planet.

Having been raised by the A’din since he was 8, he has learned more about their culture than about human culture. He has decided to be trained as a Knight, a lumbersmith, a cook, and an archer. His brother, Nathan, convinced him to learn magic when he was 14, so he has skill in that particular area, while Nathan is a Mage by trade. Thor Odinsen, an Orc, is his best friend and had Jason train Howoo, his wolf. They remain friends for many years, until Thor, the “heir” of the old Norse “God” Thor, is called upon by the other Emissaries, to help them stop the war on Earth.

The A’din have special symbols used to signify different forms of currency. The common forms are Copper(¢), Silver(¶), and Gold(ç). Most transactions use silver, but some use copper instead. Gold is only used to price the most expensive items, which are usually magical or blessed. Note also that these coins do have names.

Copper coins are called ‘Tendë’ (ten’-dee), from the Kobald word for ‘consistent’. Silver coins are ‘Dïmos’ (die-mohs’) from the dwarvish ‘payment’, and are often called “dimes” (this passed from youthful slang to normal speak as merchants began to adopt it in their patter-speak, and is used in Thieves’ Tongue as “the proper time”). Gold coins, called ‘Gilden’ (gill’-dehn) from the Adin word for “metal coin”, and are often called “gil coins”.

Herakles was the most famous of Zeus Sonhir’s Half-human sons, and was also the only Half-human to ever wield a weapon forged by Hephaestus Sonhir, the great Blacksmith who forged Excalibur. Herakles’ Sword was the next to last weapon he forged before the S.S. Olympus left for Atrusius, the last being Excalibur.

Vampires are not believed to be a natural race. The legend told in the 4th entry is true, so far as such a tale can be considered true. Kirora is the result of blending the souls of Kitasha and Vimora.

Cozum (kah’-zoom), is a dream realm. It is ruled by two entities, one pure good, the other pure evil. The good one is the Sugarplum Fairy, the Sandman is the evil one. I may decide to expand on Cozum, and even put it the story later on. It should also be noted that Cozum will cease to exist when the Ketzacotl (Quetzalcoatl) awakens on \[New] Gaia.

Rest is very important to a mage. Mages regenerate their mana power fastest while resting. They can restore it while they are adventuring, but usually they try to rest. After using as much power as Jason put into preserving their meat, he really should have rested 2 days.

One day on Atrusius is 25 hours. The 25th hour is called the Dark Hour, and hardly anyone is active then. During this hour, the undead are at their strongest.

Dirt Ironbreaker is one of Atrusius’ best Blacksmiths.

Sara Tarylian, Jedediah Smith, and Sara’s parents are the other 4 humans on Atrusius at this time. Tarylian is an adopted last name, of Elvish origin, which Sara took based on her first native friend. Jason, Jed, and Sara were all members of Project: Colony, and spent most of their free time playing Knights & Warlords and other RPGs. Their special campaign land was the Elvish island, T’kalla, which will not be made for over 200 years, at the end of the second Great War between Elves and Orcs.

The A’din have different units of measurement than humans. One such unit is the liquid measurement of the cuort (chew’-ort). 1 cuort is about equal to 1.356 quarts on Earth. The Dwarves had a measure equal to this, but have adopted the name “cuort” for it since the Adin arrival.

The time given in Journal Entry 17 is A’din time. The day on Atrusius is divided into 9 periods. 8 of these periods are 3 hours long, and are called kliks. As the A’din minute is the same as the human minute, there are 180 minutes to a klik. The remaining period of time is actually 63 minutes, and during this time, the Dark Hour, no one in his or her right mind would be out.

The year given at the intro to the end of Nathan’s poem is the way of A’din measurement of time. They measure time from their arrival on Atrusia, so the A.A. means, A’din Atrusia. They had always done that though, so even in the ancient A;din Interplanetary Empire, time was measured that way. A.x. Where A means A’din, and x is the first letter of the planet’s name.

## Constant Details

### Length of Year

|            | Earth/New Gaea | Atrusius |
| :--------- | -------------- | -------- |
| In Minutes | 525’960        | 794’080  |
| In Days    | 365.25         | 528.33   |

### Length of Day

|       | Earth/New Gaea | Atrusius |
| :---- | -------------- | -------- |
| Hours | 24:00:00       | 25:03:00 |

23.1664318855/34.7247695072
