---
title: "Author’s Notes (2014 Retcon):"
aliases: ["Author’s Notes (2014 Retcon):"]
linter-yaml-title-alias: "Author’s Notes (2014 Retcon):"
---

# Author’s Notes (2014 Retcon):

There are many sentient races on the world of Atrusius. These include the Adin, Kenyu “Elves,” Semerik “Dwarves,” Orks, and Peratan or Halflings (Hobbits), depicted in this story. These are only some of the most important. There is no mention of Humans in this list, because when Jason wrote his journal, he was the one of only 5 humans on the planet.

> [!Note] Corrections  
> The above passage has been updated circa 2014 to use the modern names of the species and fantasy races, including striking the Gnomes as they do not appear in this story. Also excluded from the list, because they don’t appear in the story, are the Elressie (a species of catfolk), the Gramurn (a species of wolf-folk), and the Hol’tiin (a species of lizard-folk). Gnomes have been considered a subspecies of the Semerik Dwarves for many years of world development at this point.

Having been raised by the A’din since he was 8, he has learned more about their culture than about human culture. He has decided to be trained as an adventuring Knight, a lumbersmith (the Adin term is _khakust_; a fashioner of tools, weapons, and armor using wood as the primary material), an everyday cook (not a professional, but capable), and an archer. His brother, Nethan, convinced him to learn magic when he was 14, so he has slight skill in that particular area, while Nathan is a Mage by trade. ~~Thor Odinsen~~ Tomodak, an Ork, is his best friend ~~and had Jason train Howoo, his wolf~~. They remain friends for many years, until Thor, the “heir” of the old Norse “God” Thor, is called upon by the other Emissaries, to help them stop the war on Earth.

> [!Note] Corrections  
> The above passage has been edited to clarify the use of the term “lumbersmith” and to correct the spellings of names as they are currently formed in 2014.

The Adin have special symbols used to signify different forms of currency. The common forms are Copper tèndi (IPA: /tɛn.ˈdi/) (originally ¢, now †), Silver daimo (IPA: /ˈdai.mo/) (originally ¶, now Ð), and Gold gìldèn (IPA: /gɪl.den/) (originally ç, now γ). Most transactions use silver, but some use copper instead. Gold is only used to price the most expensive items, which are usually ~~magical or blessed~~ intended to last for years of regular usage. The Gold economy bradly includes such things as weapons, armor, furniture, etc. ~~Note also that these coins do have names.~~

Copper coins are called ‘Tendë’ (ten’-dee), from the ~~Kobald~~ Gramurn word for ‘consistent’. Silver coins are ‘Dïmos’ (die-mohs’) from the dwarvish ‘payment’, and are often called “dime(s)” (this passed from youthful slang to normal speak as merchants began to adopt it in their patter-speak, and is used in Thieves’ Tongue as “the proper time”). Gold coins, called ‘Gilden’ (gill’-dehn) from the Adin word for “metal coin”, and are often called “gil coins”.

> [!Note]  
> The names as spelled in the first paragraph are the current spellings in 2014. The second paragraph here reflects the original and preserves the spellings and origins, excluding the correction of “Kobald” to “Gramurn.”

Herakles was the most famous of Zeus Sonhir’s Half-human sons, and was also the only Half-human to ever wield a weapon forged by Hephaestus ~~Sonhir~~ Firom, the great Blacksmith who forged Excalibur. Herakles’ Sword was the second to last weapon he forged before the starship Olympus left for Atrusius, the last being Excalibur.

Vampires are not a natural race. The legend told in the 4th entry is true, so far as such a tale can be considered true. Kirora is the result of blending the souls of Kitasha and Vimora. It is uncommon for a vampire’s soul to inhabit another person’s body, even if they are killed in the process of converting that mortal. The legend of Kirora is often dismissed because of how rare this occurence actually is.

Cozum (kah’-zoom), is a dream realm. It is ruled by two entities, one pure good, the other pure evil. The good one is the Sugarplum Fairy, the Sandman is the evil one. I may decide to expand on Cozum, and even put it the story later on. It should also be noted that Cozum will cease to exist when the Ketzacotl (Quetzalcoatl) awakens on \[New] Gaia.

> [!Note] Expansion  
> to expand on Cozum, and even put it the story later on. The Paracosm is a form of collective unconscious awareness. It is a demiplane which occupies all of the known universe, and it often draws artists, authors, philosophers, and other intellectually and creatively inclined persons into it either in part though their dreams or meditations, or in whole by means unknown.
> 
> The Adin have a guardian figure who shields them from being unwillingly drawn into the Paracosm, however this guardian does not protect the other people of Atrusius or the worlds of the Shattered Verse from entering the Paracosm.
> 
> The Paracosm is populated by fictional (and fictionalized forms of) figures from all sorts of cultures throughout time, and often presents itself to visitors in a manner intended to guide and inspire them in their particular life’s quests and works. The interpretation of events in the Paracosm is very difficult and highly personal, but it is common for those who connect their lives in more than a passing way to find themselves connected to shared events within the Paracosm.
> 
> _The paracosm likely deserves an appendix dedicated to it in a later story._

Rest is very important to ~~a mage~~ all magic users. Using magic weakens the personal _plasma_ of a  
mage, or their personal reserve of magical energy. Mages regenerate their _plasma_ fastest while  
resting, they can restore it while they are adventuring, but usually they try to rest. Due to his  
power level and reserve of plasma, Jason was especially drained after preserving the meat  
Tomodak found during their adventure. After using as much power as Jason put into preserving  
their meat, he really should have rested 2 days.

> [!Note] Update  
> A short summary of the 1999 magic system and how _plasma_ functions in it. While this mechanic is no longer funtional in current versions of Atrusius, it remains accurate and relevant for this story.

One day on Atrusius is 25 hours. The 25th hour is called the Dark Hour, and hardly anyone is active then. During this hour, the undead are at their strongest.

> [!Note] Retcon  
> The day is no longer 25 hours long, but 24, however to compensate for this shortening the Dark “Hour” is now 90 minutes, the last half of the last _klìk_ of the day, rather than 63 minutes immediately after the last _klìk_ ends.

Dirt Ironbreaker is one of Atrusius’ best Blacksmiths.

> [!Note] Clarification & Naming  
> **Menku Tedzumai** is one of the best known blacksmiths on the continent Atrusia, and is connected to other historical figures in the world, like the retired Orkish General, ‘Black’ Belthak Orgyllÿs. His name has been updated in these notes to reflect his development since 1999.

Sara Tarylian, Jedediah Smith, and Sara’s parents (Arthur and Caroline) are the other 4 humans on Atrusius at this time. Tarylian is an adopted last name, of Classical Kenyu (Elvish) origin, which Sara earned from her first native friend.

Jason, Jed, and Sara were all members of Project: Colony on Earth, and spent most of their free time as young people playing various “tabletop” or similar style RPGs as young children, with Arthur running the campaigns. Their special campaign land (for which the _Sir Pyro_ character was created) was set on the Elvish island, T’kalla, at the end of the second Great War between Elves and Orcs.

> [!Note] Relevance?  
> This will be relevant in later stories, but is only slightly relevant to this story as the origin of Jedediah’s “Sir Pyro” persona in the Cozum/Paracosm sequences.

The A’din have different units of measurement than humans. One such unit is the liquid measurement of the cuort (chew’-ort). 1 cuort is about equal to 1.356 quarts on Earth. The Dwarves had a measure equal to this, but have adopted the name “cuort” for it since the Adin arrival.

> [!Note] Measurement Accuracy  
> The official measurements of the _chuort_ are defined as roughly 43 U.S. fluid ounces, or about 1.28 liters. A typical small waterskin holds 1 _chuort_, while the largest may hold up to about 6 _chuortu_. This is of course an approximation, and the footnote provided is for the sake of American readers.
> 
> Of note: 1.356 quarts is about 43.392 U.S. fluid ounces. This suggests that I was already, in 1999, aware that it is unlikely for exact conversion of units between two different measuring systems to apply unless one intends such a precise conversion.

The time given in Journal Entry 17 is A’din time. The day on Atrusius is divided into 9 periods. 8 of these periods are 3 hours long, and are called kliks. As the A’din minute is the same as the human minute, there are 180 minutes to a klik. The remaining period of time is actually 63 minutes, and during this time, the Dark Hour, no one in his or her right mind would be out.

> [!Note] Retcon  
> The time given in Journal Entry 17 is Adin “watch time.” The day on Atrusius is divided into 8 “watch” periods. These periods are 3 (Earthly) hours long, and are called _klìks_ or watches. The Atrusian “watch minute” is 75 seconds of SI time, and there are 144 watch minutes (or 180 SI minutes) to a _klìk_ or watch.
> 
> The Dark Hour runs from the period of 7:072 until 0:000, and no one in his or her right mind would be in unsheltered wilderness during this time.

The year given at the intro to the end of Nathan’s poem is the way of Adin measurement of time. They measure time from their arrival on Atrusia, so the A.A. means, Adin Atrusius. They had always done that though, so even in the ancient Adin Interplanetary Empire, time was measured that way. A.x. Where A means A’din, and x is the first letter of the planet’s name.

> [!Note] Retcon  
> The year given at the intro to the end of Nathan’s poem is the Adin Reckoning of the Atrusian calendar. This epoch begins at AA 0, which is the year in which the Adin first arrived in orbit around Atrusius, and approached the native species for an opportunity at peaceful co-existence. 
> 
> The Adin Reckoning is the preferred calendar among all races, as it simplifies seasons, leap years, and other oddities of the cultural calendars which had been used before the Adin arrived. 
> 
> The Adin did this even before arriving on Atrusius, adopting a local calendar named Adin \[Planet] for use in local affairs, and using a 360-day calendar based loosely on the Gaean year for Imperial and external affairs.
> 
> _Updated calendar information to be more clearly worded. The Atrusian timekeeping systems discussed here likely deserve an appendix, as do their units of measurement discussed briefly above._

## Constant Details

### Length of Year

|            | Earth/New Gaea | Atrusius |
| :--------- | -------------- | -------- |
| In Minutes | 525’960        | 794’080  |
| In Days    | 365.25         | 528.33   |

### Length of Day

|       | Earth/New Gaea | Atrusius |
| :---- | -------------- | -------- |
| Hours | 24:00:00       | 25:03:00 |

23.1664318855/34.7247695072
