---
title: Author’s Notes (2026 Retcons)
aliases: [Author’s Notes (2026 Retcons)]
linter-yaml-title-alias: Author’s Notes (2026 Retcons)
---

# Author’s Notes (2026 Retcons)

**Author’s Notes by Austin Springer**

With the Jason’s Journal project being originally written in the spring of 1999, and with nearly 27 years of reflection, this is one of the biggest updates to the author’s notes of this story ever. It is a reflection on this process and collection, and contains information about retcons that have been made since the original writing, but which are not reflected in this preserved text:

## Chronology

### Years

When the story was originally written, the date chosen for the initial journal entry was effectively random. There was no canonical zero-day for the Adin Atrusius epoch, though through a lot of development over the years since 1999, the “zero day” of the AA epoch or Adin Reckoning is aligned with a date in 1493, roughly calculated from a fixed alignment on CE 2003-10-02 and AA 353-01-01 which can be used to calibrate the calendars.

Note that this means that the calibration date is both 4 years after the real-world writing of the journal _and_ is 5-6 years before the in-setting writing of the Journal.

## Days

The day was originally written as 25:03:00 long with the “extra” 1:03:00 being termed the _Dark Hour_. However, for the sake of calendar equivalence, the extra time has been removed and the Dark Hour is now the last half-klik of the day -- the Dark Hour is now longer, at about 90 minutes, but is no longer in a time that is “misaligned” with Earth.

## Jason’s Age

Jason is roughly 18 years old in this story by normal human reckoning, and has been trained by his adopted father for 10 Gaean Years, or about 7 Atrusian years. This means that as a retcon, Jason might think of himself as about 15 years old in terms of the years he’s counted, but is still an adult, and at an older age than the Adin on Atrusius, who are considered fully grown around 13 or 14 (Atrusian) years old. 

## Name Changes

Many of the character names have changed over the years to be less obvious or cribbed, not out of a sense of shame, but out of growth of the built world of Atrusius. Some have been 

| 1999 Name         | 2026 Name              |
| :---------------- | :--------------------- |
| Thor Odinson      | Tomodak Odhnarg        |
| Howoo             | Guarn Waila            |
| Dirt Ironbreaker  | Menku Tedzumai         |
| Kitasha Lightseer | Kitasha Lorebach       |
| Buzz Cosmo        | Baeralon “Baz” Yarul   |
| Dar King          | Darmi Hiro             |
| Nathan King       | Néthan Hiro            |
| Sara Tarylian     | Sara Rogers “Tarelyan” |
| Myrlinn           | Melyiran               |
| Frodo Baggins     | Vester Pakkënd         |
| Rachel Baggins    | Fanna Pakkënd          |
| A’din             | Adin                   |

> [!Note] Work In Progress  
> These updated author’s notes are not yet finished and will be periodically revised and updated until the entire story had been reviewed and annotated
