---
title: Author’s Notes (2026 Update)
aliases: [Author’s Notes (2026 Update)]
linter-yaml-title-alias: Author’s Notes (2026 Update)
---

# Author’s Notes (2026 Update)

**Author’s Notes by Austin Springer**

With the Jason’s Journal project being originally written in the spring of 1999, and with nearly 27 years of reflection, this is one of the biggest updates to the author’s notes of this story ever. It is a reflection on this process and collection, and a clarification of some details:

## Project: Colony

While note established deeply within the story, Jason Knight was born in CE 2783, to parents who were a part of an Earthly Government colony project called, as creatively as one may expect from a 16-year-old author or a government, “Project: Colony.” While his parents died during his very early childhood, he was kept in the program and raised collectively by Jedediah’s and Sara’s parents. In CE 2791-2792, he was sent to Atrusius as a test, but it was discovered that he couldn’t be retrieved -- and so he was forced to survive.

## Dar and Nathan King

While the exact source of the connection is not developed for this version of the narrative, the noble singer Dar King, who had recently settled in Colonia to raise his own son Nethan (Nathan within the source text), wound up adopting or fostering the human refugee, Jason, and raising him. While he was a caring single father, he was most focused on the education rather than the emotional needs of Jason, and may have been too permissive in some ways.

Nathan, on the other hand, is struggling with the loss of his mother, and attaches more strongly to Jason where Dar becomes more emotionally distant. During the time that they are growing up together, Nathan knows he wants to be a magic user, and is one of the only Adin in Colonia to have faith in Dar’s objective of taking in Jason, and of helping Jason fit in.

## Age

Jason is 16 because I was 16 when I wrote this. I largely wrote this one day at a time, in real time, on Earth, and had not established the actual equivalence of time between Atrusius and the Real World during this writing: Just that each entry reflected about a day of travel, and I was writing about one entry per day.

When we look at the dates cited in the journals, the Poem written by Nathan is attested to AA358.08.17 -- more than a month before the Journal Entries begin. This means the date of the poem is completely inconsistent, or the journal entries are fabrications.

Jason sees himself as being 18 years old because he was 8 when he arrived on Atrusius in AA 348 and because 10 years have passed for him on Atrusius, as the story takes place in AA 358. There is likely room for some age or date correction, but any attempt to perform such efforts is best served in the development of future stories.

## A’din

The A’din are a race or subspecies of humans who originated from ancient civilization of Atlantis.  
While they did develop advanced technologies through the use of magic, they opted eventually to deny their secrets to the rest of humanity. They were inspirations for, or mistaken for, many ancient deities.

They notably prevented a full alien invasion around 3500 BCE which had long lasting effects on Gaea (or Earth), but lost several of their great warriors during this war: including the original Emissary Thor, as revealed by the Silver Dragon.

The last of the A’din to leave Gaea were the Olympian and Valhallan emissaries, who arrived at Atrusius in the equivalent of the late 15th century on Earth. Over time, they learned that the peoples of Atrusius had largely similar beliefs about high industrial technology to their own, and so some of the Emissaries began scouting and recruiting “Successors” or “Heirs” to be trained in advanced magic so that they might achieve immortality and eventually carry on the mission of the Emissaries to help maintain order among civilized people, such as:

## Thor Odinsen

Thor is a young Orc selected by the emissary Odin shortly before Jason arrived on Atrusius. He was the equivalent of 8 human years old at the time, and was an orphan and ward of his settlement. He has received tutelage in combat and the wielding of magic from Odin over the years leading up to this story, while also receiving the normal upbringing of an Orc on the continent of Atrusia.

This is why Thor appears in Cozum as a “Goblin raised among Orcs” -- because he is an Orc raised to inherit the legacy of an Adin, he feels like a lesser being expected to live up to incredibly high standards. The name “Thkrognitkrnak” (a random jumble of sounds) may be an Orcish jumbling and approximation, perhaps of Thor’s birth name and the name he was given by his adoption as the successor or replacement of the old Emissary, Thor. The Orcish language, even in 2026, is underdeveloped, but If we take it as a jumble, perhaps “Thor Otinkar” is the Orkish version of “Thor Odinsen” and the remaining letters, “kngk” are the core consonants, or close to them, of his birth name, the Orcish side he feels he must suppress to live up to expectations.

While he is described in the text as a ranger, his equipment as depicted in the story does not fit the typical archer’s kit associated with many fictional rangers (Jason is depicted as the archer), and despite his tendency to gamble with Jason, he otherwise carries himself with pride and confidence that might fit the personality of a Paladin even if he is much more in line with a Fighter with strong survivalist skills -- though this could be considered a type of ranger.

## Kitasha Lightseer

Perhaps one of the most original and unique characters in the story, Kirora the Vampire, began her life as an A’din Mage by the name of Kitasha Lightseer. The A’din language, while very early in development, was developed enough to form this name, meaning “peaceful dog.”

She followed a mage archetype developed within my own mind where the control of mind and body was important, thus her focus was on the blending of magic and martial prowess with a weapon. This is inspired by figures such as the Jedi or Blade Dancers, and while it was not a standard archetype in the D&D of the time, it was not unheard of in other fiction. Indeed, were it a part of my cultural exposure at the time, I might even cite _Buffy the Vampire Slayer_ as part of her inspiration -- however I can attest that I had minimal direct exposure to the series at the time, and do not recall significant secondary exposure either (certainly I knew the name of the series, and I will admit the 27 years _is_ a significant time to maintain precise and accurate memories).

In modern (5th Edition) D&D, she would likely be built as an Eldritch Knight, however she was built at this time (1999) more from broad tropes of vampire hunting and my imagination, and the idea that most people can be redeemed (due to my high-school level Christian background) than by any specific D&D concepts of Wizards, Magic-Users, and Fighters that would have fit the AD&D2 milieu of the time.

At this time, A’din were documented as living from 200-350 years, though they grow up at the same rate as normal Gaean humans. Thus the “25 years” she cites suggests she was still a young adult woman at the time.

## Buzz Kozmo

Buzz is a nickname this ranger earned for unclear reasons (metatextually, he is probably one of the _least_ creative characters and received his name as a pop-culture reference from the late 1990s). However, the nature of his relationship with Kitasha is meant to be (effectively) an Elf-Human romance, the long-lived stoic Elf falling for the spirited, passionate Human (or A’din, to be precise). This is why he has held onto a gift for her for over a century -- he is dedicated to her and has been seeking to cure her all this time.

## Dirt Ironbreaker

Perhaps one of the most developed characters _since_ the original story, Dirt Ironbreaker at this time is simply a reclusive Dwarf blacksmith in this original story. He regularly travels to Colonia for trade, to provide tools, armor, and weapons of Dwarf quality to the town in exchange for raw materials and various household necessities including preserved foods. He is an exiled member of the Ironbreaker family, and while he has not been stripped of his family identity entirely, he was stripped of his given name, left with the pejorative name of “Dirt” implying unliving earth as opposed to living earth or “Soil.” The family will not grow through him.

## Cozum

The dream realm of Cozum was originally conceived of as a psychic plane where any crazy old thing might happen. It was meant to help produce introspection in the characters, and to give more sight into their minds, and was a place to let my own creativity (and inspirations) run wild with little filter. The dream logic was originally most inspired by _Alice_ and _Oz_, and the copies of these books delivered to Jason were hand-translated into the A’din language by Sarah or her parents.

### The Pink Sea and the Sailors who Do Absolutely Nothing

This was an attempt at a hook into continuing the Cozum storyline in the successor story -- while Jason grew in his quest to find the dragon, his sequel story would have involved further pursuit of the growing war between the Sugarplum Fairy and Sandman. The SFS Apple Pie was to be the vessel that would carry Jason and Sara forward in Cozum as presumed servants of the Sugarplum Fairy (SFS: Sugarplum Fairy’s Ship) against the Nightmare of the Sandman.

This successor story has never materialized beyond this one scene, even after 27 years.

## Lumbersmithing

While I am and was quite aware that they are not formally recognized words, there were two words at the core of my design process for Jason: _legendologist_, a formal researcher of legends, folk tales, tall tales, etc., and _lumbersmith_ an artisan specialized in creating weapons, armor, or both out of wood. And as a hobbyist linguist, I offer no apology for this -- if the reader can see such neologisms and suss out a meaning from them, then they have done their job in communicating.

I believe the former word never appears in the journals, while the latter certainly does, but if it helps a reader to understand why to use these coined words, consider them to be a crude translation into English to capture nuances of words that exist in the A’din tongue but not our own.

> [!Note] Work In Progress  
> These updated author’s notes are not yet finished and will be periodically revised and updated until the entire story had been reviewed and annotated
